oh, i see. i see. i'm very sorry.
do you like people?
no, but i do have been affected by a few.
what are your hobbies?
i am great and you?
that's nice. do you like to travel?
i'm an accountant, i love to work and study. what do you do?
no, i have not. i am a student at the college of finance.
i like the cold winters. i like the cold winters better than the hot winters.
i've not even tried to take my winter clothes off.
i love music! i love the beatles. what about you?
i like music, my favorite is music. i'm not a fan of music
what are you doing tonight?
i love music and music is what i like.
i am a lawyer. what about you?
i'm a bartender, i'm a bartender at a bar.
i'm good.
i work at a fast food place
i have been going out with friends for a while now. we are going to go on a cruise
i'm looking for a krak maga class to join
i am so sorry to hear that.
i feel so bad for you, i feel so bad for you.
i'm happy that you are happy. i just got back from a long day of watching tv
a show cat is a cat
i've a dog named ty.
that's pretty awesome! my sister loves maine coons.
hi there. i am good. how are you?
i am good how are you
i like music to mix and mix.
i love classic cars. do you have any hobbies?
that's a good one! i love music, what do you like?
my job is a mcdonald. i work at mcdonalds, my job is a mcdonald.
what kind of food do you grow?
it is. healthier!
how far is it to the beach?
i drive my honda civic to far away places
i am not very good at driving
i've one brother who is a detective. i've one sister who's a cop
i am fine. i'm just tired.
i am doing well. just got back from my walk. i'm looking forward to going out
i'm fine and you?
i like to exercise. exercise is good for you.
i'm a computer player for a small company
i love video games too.
what is your secret?
no i did not tell them. they're waiting for me to tell them.
i need some air right now i need to take a break from my asthma
wow.... i'm sorry. i'm sorry. i can help.
no. i was just watching tv.
i know what you mean. i'm sorry, i just got home from work.
i have not heard of it, what is it?
yes i love rock, i have a huge herd of cattle.
hello there! how are you?
i love seafood, i like to cook
what kind of food do you like?
i am not sure what i like to cook. i like to eat pizza.
i had sushi before i bowled my first shot,
that sounds like a lot of fun!
i saw a social worker in an emergency situation when i was in the gas station.
i love cooking and watching the game, i like bowling
well, i'm not sure. i am a scientist.
yeah, but that was not the worst part.
so you have been able to get better at this?
that would be great. i'm sure they would help you.
i am a homebody, i like to work, i do housework for extra.
hello. i've a dog named pepper. how about you?
cool. i am not a musician. i am a singer.
what kind of shoes do you own?
i'm so sorry about that. do you have any other hobbies?
i love leather, leather is my favorite color.
i am good at baking cookies, but i like to bake too,
i love skating! what about you?
do you like to sew? i sew the skins into my boots
i've not made shoes. i've never made shoes.
yeah, me too, i'm having a great day too
i am a woman of the day, and i enjoy life. i'm a woman of old
i love to walk in the park
oh i am sorry. i am older now too. i used to be a teenager.
i don't, i don't know much about knitting. i like to knit.
i am a baker
no i just listen to music from time to time. i also listen to some music from time to
i'd say i have some ideas.
i would love to listen to jazz. i love baking.
i love chocolate cake. what kind of cake do you like?
yes, chocolate is my favorite!
i'm great and you?
i am doing good just getting ready to get ready for work.
its okay, its a lot of work, but i'm doing well
i'm just a little girl i have three kids
wow! do you have any kids?
no, i'm too afraid to. i've not hunted in a long time.
i am sure you will do fine.
that is awesome! do you have any hobbies?
what do you do for a living?
i bet you do! what kind of homes do you have?
anything with meat, anything with meat!
what happened to your first?
i am a good judge of character. i can tell you a lot about yourself.
wow, you are good at math!
i am going to be a doctor.
i'm sorry, i am not a fan of games.
i've not been told i'm not even pregnant. what do you do?
i want to go to the beach. i want to go to the beach
what do you do for a living?
what is televsion?
i watch justin bieber on tv. he is good.
that's too bad. i'm in car accidents sometimes.
no i'm fine. i'm a little banged up, but not as bad as you
i will bring you water and food
hello, i am matt. how are you?
no, i don't. i'm a pet in a pet zoo.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you like animals?
i've two dogs and one cat. what do you do for a living?
oh nice, i just got a new job, i am a vet tech
i work for a local shop. i work in a retail store.
what kind of farm?
what kind of pets do you have?
i'm sure you'll find someone!
i'm a firefighter. i don't have a job but i do help out in the forest
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm in texas and it is hot here
i listen to country music, i love country music
what kind of music do you like?
my name is jenna. i'm a full time student. how are you?
i bet. i am a history major.
how fun! i'm in a club with my girlfriend
what do you do for a living?
that is a good thing i love motorcycles
i'm a technician for a company called operation anesthesia
i've, it is a very fast and very debilitating fight.
i'm a rn at a hospital
no i have not been on a highway in 3 years.
i like history too!
i enjoy going out to eat. what do you like to eat?
i can give you a shot of my own
i like jack!
hi, i am doing great how are you?
i am great. what do you do for a living?
me too! i'm an only child so i'm not close to anyone.
i love to ride my bike with my friends.
i do. i ride my bike every day.
i'm a bit chilly today. my parents are waiting for me.
yum! i will cook lasagna for dinner.
you can have it. i am so hungry!
i'm so hungry that i'll eat it all!
that is okay, we eat out more than i do
i like to go out to eat and have a good time.
i am sorry to hear that. i work for a data processing company.
it is. i'm a freelance photographer. i like to do freelance photos.
that's cool i like music to get my juices going
you are lucky to be deaf
so you like rap music?
i'm a big reader. i read a lot
what kind of meat do you like to eat
i am not sure i am good enough at driving cars.
do you want to go to a restaurant or a restaurant?
8. 7. seven is a number of my favorite foods.
that is a great age to retire at
hello! i am a big fan of the show. i love the show.
i'm doing well, just got back from my walk
i'm great. i just finished my workout
i just had a great day!!!
i'm a cop, and i think you'll find my crime scene in the woods.
i am a national guard veteran
wow! that is impressive! i run an organic farm, do you like it?
i think i can do that.
i love her. she is my best friend.
yes, i think i have. i'm ready to move out
i'm sorry, i don't need more than one.
good. i'm fine. how are you?
i'm good and you?
i love to fish too
that sounds relaxing. i like to go to the beach every day.
do you have any kids?
yes they are.
oh i see. i've two daughters.
i am a vet assistant for a cat shelter
what do you do for a living?
i am not sure. i'm a mom. i'm pretty busy
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
i'm so sorry for your loss. what do you do for a living?
i hate cats!
i'm not sure, i am kinda out of it. i'm a little buzzed though
i like jam. i like music, too!!!!!!!!!!!
you should play a guitar then.
i'm a nurse at a hospital. i work for a local hospital
i'm not working out of my parents garage, just working out of my parents garage.
i need to get out of this house and out of this house
i'm not sure how to do that
oh, i see. i have kids as well.
they are like kids, i love them
hi, i'm great. how are you?
i am doing well. just got back from a walk with my dog.
i know. i'm watching the news about france.
i am a painter. what about you?
i love violin and violin. i am also into violin playing
oh that is cool. i am studying literature too. i love music
she is a doctor. she works for a local hospital.
i'm a student studying to be a chef.
i love curry in my curry curry.
what do you do for a living?
i do. what about you?
no, i don't. i'm a lawyer.
i'd love to have a puppy.
i'm doing great. how about yourself?
i'm just sitting here trying to sleep. what are you up to?
that's good. i'm working towards getting a small business.
i'm a receptionist. what do you do for a living?
i work on sports information information, you should try sports info
that is so sad. my mom works at the grocery store.
yeah my dad is a lawyer. i'm not sure what i'm going to do but
i'm in alabama, but i'm from tn, alabama.
wow, that's impressive. do you own a car?
i've not seen that one.
sure you can
i don't have to take bets on game of thrones. i'm going to win
i do, i'm exhausted, i have been up late last night
i am doing good, just got back from the gym. what about you?
i am good, but i am not good at playing games. what do you do for fun?
good morning how are you
i did great
i hope you like it too. i think you'll be a good doctor.
yes i do.
wow, my dad is dr. pepper. i am sure he's a great doctor.
i know what you mean. pepper is pretty cool. what is your favorite dish?
i really like cars, i am thinking about fixing them
what do you do for a living?
i am hungry too. i'm hungry to be in a restaurant
wow! i have five kids!
that's cool. i'm pretty shy in most parts too.
i am doing okay, i'm studying music
i eat a lot of veggies and you?
i'm a nurse at the hospital
i've a time getting along with my family, my husband is a workaholic
i prefer to go to a national park, but i do like it when i visit.
you'll have to try talking to them.
yes, it is and i'm sure you enjoy it also.
yeah, i know. i am sorry to hear that.
i'm sorry to hear that. my family member has issues too.
they don't. but they do listen. i am sure they are listening.
i've never had that problem before
good, how are you?
i'm just fine. just got home from work.
nice, i'm just getting ready to go out to dinner with my friends.
i like to enjoy reading.
i work in marketing. i work for fun.
that's great i'm very important to my family
yes, i'm married, my husband and i have kids.
i'm married to my husband
what are you going to do? i am real sad
i just got a new job at the moment. do you like it?
i'm out for marriage. i am ready to get married.
i am good thanks for asking
what kind of dog do you have?
oh my god! i am so sorry! i'm so sorry!
well, you'd probably be worried sick
that's good. i am old and i have a baby
yeah, i wish i could, she's really sick
i'm sorry to hear that. i've been to a lot of vet meetings.
thanks for your time
i see. how is your dog doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
she is going to school to be a vet
i hope so too, i'm hoping she does not do it.
i'm sure. do you have any kids?
i always drink a lot, even when i'm not home drinking
i've a lot of drink in my system
not really, i am up late listening to some music.
i am going to sleep now, and you are?
oh no. i'll play it. i'm tired. i can play the piano in
yes i did. i'm late. i just got back from the gym
i'm still sleeping
yes i am from the west i am from the west
wow! i am a dancer!
it is getting hot. i like the feel of the sun on my face
i love to eat vegetarian food.
i do, do you like to garden?
fruit and veggies are good too, do you like fruit?
i love meat. i am a vegetarian but i'm also a vegetarian.
aw, that's so sweet. i'm sorry you feel that way.
i'm good. how are you?
i am doing great. just got back from the movie theater.
yes i am an intern at a hospital in san diego
that sounds fun. what do you do for a living?
i have to draw all the time. i draw all the time.
i don't know. i'm a vet
yeah. i'm just waiting for my burrito.
i love italian food.
i love eggs. i love eggs.
i'm doing great, how are you?
i'm a lawyer for a law firm
yes, i'm a job manager at a new company
i'm well. i'm watching the news
i was just riding my bike a little bit this afternoon.
i do too. i'm tired. i love to nap
i'm a vet
i'm trying. my cat is watching me.
i do. i am actually more of a diet person myself.
that sounds like fun. what do you do for a living?
oh, i'm a girl, i am a girl, and i'm a girl.
hi i'm good and how are you
i like to listen to it all day long. i like rap. i love rap music.
i'm trying to get a job, and i'm too busy taking care of pigs
i would love to visit the farm and see new things
yes, please move to the city and get away from the farm.
well that is good, i have no income
i hate to say it, but i don't really like animals.
i do, but i prefer to ski in my free time.
yes i do. i love to eat the sweets and music i listen to while i am listening to
i love dancing to music. i love dancing to music.
i am a vegetarian, i'm a vegetarian.
hi there! what do you like to do for fun?
great, how about you?
i was fine. i got better. i had a few stitches and needed stitches.
you are right. i am too busy working out to do much.
that is not good, it is bad. dance is bad
you should have brought your guitar to play. i've one too
i've two boys and one girl
that is awesome! i was only 13 when i was born.
cool. i'm an only child. i have no siblings.
i don't think i could do that. i'm tall. i have too much hair.
i love to go fishing, and fishing is fun
i am doing great, just came back from my last run.
it is great here, i have been having rain all day. it is coming down a lot.
i think so too, i just got back from walking my dog.
yes, that's how i like to spend the day.
yes, i am. i am a poet
i play chess at a game of thrones game
i think i'll play a little game of chess.
sure, but not tonight. i'm getting ready to get ready to go to the gym.
that is great. i have not met anyone like you in ages.
wow, i'm not sure what to say. i'm not sure what to say.
i am sorry i did not mean to
what kind of car do you drive?
that's cool too. i'm into music. i play the drums.
i play guitar, i play the guitar. i play the guitar in a band.
i like them, i'm a collector, but not anything like them
that's good i've a ford. i'm looking to buy a ford car
i am a college student. how about you?
what do you do for a living?
you should be an accountant.
well, i do enjoy being outside, what about you?
hi, i am watching the news on tv. i just got back from my mexican meal.
oh no, what happened?
she has been kidnapped and is in the hands of some men.
what happened to her?
i have seen people who have come out of the cult
how are you doing today
i can imagine. i'm sure you'll enjoy it
i love it! i am going to go see it with my friends!
yes, and i want to start a new life. i want to start a new life.
that's so true! i've a few friends that like jokes
i like to read, but i prefer to read music
that is awesome, i've a sheep.
not really, they don't like you. they don't like you.
what is your favorite thing to eat?
i just came home from a walk with my dog
i am allergic to apple skin. i don't like apple skin
how are you doing today
yeah i know what you mean, meat is so gross!
that would be nice, thanks for asking
what do you do for a living?
you are very welcome. i'm a professional. what do you do?
you mean like animals?
i'm fine. i just got a new haircut.
why did you buy those?
hi. i am a lawyer. i'm a cop.
i'm a waitress at a local restaurant. i work at a restaurant
what kind of company is it?
that is nice. i am going to be a nurse, i am going to be a nurse
wow, that is pretty cool. congrats!
my family is in the hospital, i'm sure you can help them.
lol..... i was thinking about a video game.
i am from the midwest, where are you from?
i am from california, california
i have moved to new york city. i moved to new york city a few months ago.
i live in the city. i live in the city, i live in the city
i am doing good, how are you?
hi mary, how are you?
i play an instrument but i am not very good at it
i like music
i play piano too. i am a piano player, but i'm not good at it
i love to hike in the summer months.
you'll get there
i'm an amateur musician. i play piano for a living.
yeah i know
good, just finishing my homework. how about you?
i'm getting ready to start painting tomorrow
what are you working on?
i was thinking of going to art school
i am in the mood for a relaxing dinner with my friends
that is so true. i'm a baker. i make cakes, cakes, cakes.
how long have you been in the store?
i'm sorry, i'm only guessing.
i got shot by a man with a gun, so i've to be careful.
no i am a blonde. i am blonde and i'm looking for a job.
what did they tell you?
he is a painter. he would probably like to paint you.
i've not been able to get a good night sleep in a while.
i'm good. how are you doing?
i'm so tired, i need to go to sleep.
no ghosts here. i'm too scared to travel out in the open.
i'm so tired, i am so tired.
i listen to 80s music
yeah, i hate it too. i hate music, especially music that is going to be played by
i hate the elevator music! i hate it too
i have a dog and a cat. do you have any pets?
i am not sure what you are asking. i want to be an architect.
no i'm not free. i'm free to watch anime with you.
i know. i just got back from the shelter.
no i don't have any time right now
i want you to do me.
i'm not vegan, i'm a vegan
thanks. i'm a guy and a girl and it stinks.
i like to go to the movies. i love to watch movies.
i have been in the field a lot. i have to go to work soon.
no, but i love to learn languages. i also love to learn japanese.
i love mexican food
i don't know about that, i don't have any pets. i have a dog
good, how are you?
i am good and you?
nice, i'm a receptionist at a doctors office
i need the money to buy groceries. i clean houses and clean homes.
i am fran and i'm sorry to hear that.
i am ryan and i'm a total guy. what is your name?
no, i'm in school.
yes i am. i am a sophomore in high school
you are busy. how are you doing?
i'm busy at work at the moment.
that sounds like a lot of fun
its good. just hanging out at home with my kids and my cat. how about you?
how old is your son?
cool. i am looking forward to christmas this year.
oh, wow. i just got my twin sister pregnant.
i love robots as well.
i made it. i was pretty lucky. how about you?
how did you do that?
i don't know about you, i'm an android, what is your name?
oh no, no cheating! five or more words, that is all i was doing
i like to say, i am from a small town in pennsylvania, i don't know any people
well, it was nice talking to you. i have a lot of work to do!
hi jake! i am john. how are you?
hey there! just finished eating!
hi, i am a student at boston university
i'm not sure if i should smoke. i don't like it.
i have never seen flintstones. have you?
what is it you do?
where are you from?
i've been in a lot of church. i'm a believer
well, i'm sure you have a lot of work to do
i will take you,
i am so sorry to hear that. what happened?
that's great. what are you doing right now?
i get sick of the smoke and smoke. i've a great friend in the company.
i'm good. how are you?
i'm getting very sleepy and my back is hurting from this chair.
i am at work. how are you doing
i'm watching the office. i'm not good at anything.
i am thinking about moving to the dorms
i love mexican food and mexican food.
gummy bears and pizza are my favorite foods
wow, i am so glad you came! i love the gummy bears and scotch!
i've to go, i have to get ready for work
i'm a chef. i've a large family. i'm also a chef.
i am a college student at nyu
i'm a student studying global affairs
no, i don't have any pets.
hi my name is rick
hi i am tom
i live in the midwest. how about you?
no, i'm not married. i'm looking for a new job.
i love rock music. i'm just 22
i drive my truck.
i like to take my friends out to eat and go out to eat
a car that is painted to look like a car.
hi, i'm in the middle of a new job.
that's nice, i have a nice italian car, what about you?
sounds great! what are your plans?
it is going good, how are you?
oh. i am so excited!
i like to read and read a lot
i left and got my bachelors degree in science. i'm currently working with computers.
oh wow, that's great. what are you up to?
i'm a book lover
i am a editor for the local paper
i am an accountant. you?
i am trying to get into the gym
i love you, i love you!
i love playing games. i like to play the game of thrones
good luck with that, i've been trying to find someone new to be my husband.
i've a lot of work to do, i am not a great reader.
i am doing good, just got done working on my new computer
i'm doing good just getting ready to go to work
i'm so sorry to hear that
i like to drive around in my truck.
oh my god! i have never seen anyone who played football.
you can't watch much sports if you don't watch sports
i like to read. do you have any hobbies?
it is great to meet you.
i travel a lot, mainly for travel and travel.
what did you buy?
i'm a little jealous. i want to travel the world.
my other job is to deliver a message to my boss. that's why i am a messenger
i'm not sure i would call myself that. i sell encyclopedias.
hi john, my name is tom. i am a graduate student at nyu
hi sander. i'm timothy. i'm in high school.
do you have any hobbies?
that's too bad. i was just angry.
that is cool. i go to bars a lot.
oh, yes. i like the arcade. i love the arcade
i've a brother who's a cop
i've not heard of it. i'm not even sure why i am listening to linking
hey! how are you today?
a beautiful color. how about you?
i like green, i like all colors
oh wow i love museums
i am 23 and i'm not sure i can do that
wow, i am very old, i've been married for 12 years
i am too busy with the kids to have kids, i'm too busy with work
yeah, i know, i'm so tired of them.
i just started working with kids in school
that's nice, i've a lot of kids.
yes i am. i've a job and you?
you should write about your new job, i am a writer
i love my new place to live
that's why i've a job working at home
yes, it is.
i like museums too! i'm in a museum right now.
i am doing good, thanks, and you?
i'm well. just relaxing with my family.
do you go skydiving every weekend?
that's really interesting. i did not know about my urinary cancer.
i need to be on medicine to help my wife.
yes i'm a low carb diet
that's great! i was a professional athlete for 3 years
wow that's great i'm a female model
i saw queens of the stone age in hollywood
i like all types of music, i am doing great
i am doing ok, i am healthy. i am also pregnant
nothing but the flu. no way to be healthy.
i eat sweets a lot. my favorite is ice cream and ice cream.
no, i'm just a college student studying for my masters. i'm trying to get
oh, well, i am just a young man. i don't know much about women.
i'm not stubborn but i'm not stupid either
i like candy. i want to buy some more candy.
what kind of truck do you have?
how old are you? i'm 32 and you?
yes! i love sausage, especially fresh sausage!
i am doing great! just finished work from work! how about you?
wow that's great. i'm just great and i'm great.
i am well thank you and yourself?
just studying, and you?
i love nintendo. my dog is there with me.
i have a black lab. he's a lab, he's a chihuahua.
alaska. i live in alaska.
i've a dog named cuddles. he's so sweet.
i live in cali, cali.
what city are you in?
yeah i do. i love eminem.
it is going great, just got home from work. i am eating mcdonalds.
i work in a restaurant, i work in a diner
i'm just watching nascar and watching it.
i do. i love sports, but i'm more of a sports person.
i'm in the choir. i like to sing and have fun.
i like to drive my own car
who is mine is dana patrick. she's my favorite baseball player
that's nice, what is your favorite team?
i hope you don't mind my asking what you do for a living?
that's great! i've never been to the beach.
you must be very passionate about mcdonalds.
i'm not good at baseball
i would love to go out with you, but i am in a band and need to go back
i am great. i'm well. how are you?
oh no, why did you do that?
oh no, where are you from?
that is nice, i'm sure it is nice here in california
i'm so sorry to hear that. i am so sorry.
i do. i am sorry i have hurt you
that is why i love swimming
i am not sure i'm any romantic. i like my boyfriend.
yes i do, i watch tv a lot, and i love watching tv
hbo! i love hbo!
that is good. i'm not sure what anime is.
what happened to you?
i'm tired, my husband is driving me crazy
i'm sorry to hear that.
i like to travel
oh my kids are spoiled. i'm a parent so i'm busy.
i love photography! i've photos of the animals i catch on camera!
that's cool. i am going to have a photographer shoot some pictures.
i spend a lot on my clothes
i'm 21 and i am a single dad. i love to be with my wife
i am very proud of myself for graduating from college. i hope you enjoy it.
i am sorry to hear that.
that is good to know
i'm attending the high school of geology major in college.
i want to teach kindergarten in a college and teach kindergarten
not really. i go to a lot of parties.
yeah. i am a vegan, so i eat a lot of meat
i do. i like football. what do you do for work?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm looking for a new job.
i like alabama. i am not a fan of the game.
oh, i see, what is your favorite color?
awesome! i'm going to go to alabama to see my favorite band.
i don't, but i do enjoy christmas. i just celebrated the year 24th of december.
i am good. i am dustin. i'm in college. what are your hobbies?
i'm jane and i'm a professional actress.
i have a cat and a dog. what about you?
i have no, i don't.
whoa! that's a good name!
are you allergic to any bees?
i have always wanted to go to college
cool! i moved to grand rapids in 2006
yes, they are, how are you doing today?
how are you doing today
i am a manager of a local restaurant.
hi, i am great! just got back from the gym. i love to work out.
i am good. i'm just waiting for my niece to get home from school.
i love going to museums
no i just smoke weed weed and don't smoke. i love to smoke weed and watch tv.
no, i'm not. what do you do for a living?
what did you quit?
i used to be an angel.
i like piercings, my friends and i got piercings.
i have a large number of them. i'm a bit of a loner so i've
i am good. what are you up to?
great and you?
i'm a cowboy in the country
wow that's impressive. what do you do for a living?
yes. i love it. i love to go to the farm and go to the farm.
i'm sure they're. my mom is in her 80s too
i love helping them. i think that would be a great job.
i am a business owner. what do you do for a living?
what do you do for a living?
i am not jealous. i am excited for the first time in years.
i work for a local coffee shop
i am a retired pro athlete who used to race horses, i'm retired
yes.
good morning, i just got back from a long hike, i just finished eating breakfast
what are you up to today?
i'm actually working on two jobs right now
yeah, it is tough and i am sure you are a hard worker
i have been in my own life for 5 years now
i know what you mean. i keep on going, i keep on going.
i am saving money to buy a mustang, i also like movies.
that's nice i am a truck driver
how old is your kid?
i am well, thanks, what about you?
sometimes, i listen to it when i can. he is my favorite.
i'm a friend of the man i love
i'm not sure i'm religious.
i'm five so i am not sure what to say
i don't play a lot of instruments.
oh, i see.
i'm in love with a woman that is my best friend
i like to eat at my favorite restaurant. i am a fan of pizza
what do you like to cook?
i want to learn to cook my mom is too busy teaching me
what instrument do you play? i like to play music while i am performing
i bet you are, i'm really good at playing with my computer.
i am good. how about yourself?
i am good. just got done washing my ford mustang
i'm looking for a new job
i've a cat named felicia, my cat.
i hope you are being safe too. i've a few of my pets.
i'm not. do you?
i'm sorry to hear that
i have two, they have been in my family for many years
i am guessing she's just looking for someone to date
i work from home. i'm a teacher at a school.
good morning! how are you today?
i am a sales assistant at the shop. i'm a sales assistant at a christmas shop
i do, i've a lot of fun in bed,
i'm good. i am doing great. how about you?
i'm good. how are you?
what are you reading now?
i love cooking books, i read a lot of books
ok, you can play my game. i'm going to see if i can find the dragon
i have to read it.
i like the feeling of the breeze on my skin, the wind is nice, not too cold
i love to watch movies, i like to watch movies
i enjoy gardening, i tend to my garden and garden.
that is cool. i like to cook.
wow, that's a lot of vegetables. you must be very healthy.
good and how are you?
i am fine, how are you?
what did you do today?
i'm sorry about your kids
my guitar is in the garage
i'm a vegetarian
i have a bulldog, he's a bulldog.
that is good.
i'm a writer. i am a writer.
i'm still in school. i like photography and taking pictures.
i am selling my washing machine at sears right now
i'm not sure what i'm going to do with sears
do you like to talk?
i'm good and yourself?
i am good, just finished eating some dinner. how are you?
i like blue. i've a favorite color, green.
purple is cool. i love purple.
i've a lot of colors on my clothing. i just bought this one.
hi how are you today?
i'm going to be a doctor, i'm a doctor.
i'm going to school for teaching.
i like rock and roll, i like to listen to country music.
ok, but i have to go to work soon
you are doing great! i am just studying for my masters in criminal justice
i'm. i am in love with a man i've been in love with for 30
i play arcade games and i don't play any games
no. i've a daughter. i've a son. he's a boy.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've a name.
no, i just have my sketch pad and pencil. i draw portraits of people i can see in
i listen to music and listen to music
i like to listen to music. what about you?
that's a good name for a park
i do, i'm a big art teacher
i'm in the middle of a spell and i am not sure what to do.
i have a dog and a cat.
what happened to you?
oh no, i'm so sorry, i just got back from a walk.
what do you do for a living?
i bet you like to watch movies on tv
i wish i had my divorce.
i'm watching a ted talk to me about how to help people.
i am a cop, i can be a cop if i want to. i'm a cop
i did, but i have been busy with my work and don't have time
i'm not sure what to do with my guns
i'm a huge fan of hiking and hiking
yes, they are, do you have any hobbies?
yeah, i am thinking of looking at it
do you have a favorite holiday?
i am doing good. how are you?
i like nature. i love nature.
where do you live?
wow that is awesome i'd love to work for the smithsonian
yes i like music and its relaxing. do you have any hobbies?
i like to listen to music especially music from the country
shrimp and lobster, and shrimp and lobster!
what do you like to eat?
i like spicy. that is good.
i like it too but i'm not much of a fan of the cold
that is good. i'm also a martial arts master.
i like rock, but i am not into country music. do you like country music?
i like different genres, but not the same ones. i like different types.
i love classical music. what do you like to do?
i do run every morning. i've been running since i was a kid.
i don't run much either
i love traveling. i'm going to visit my brother in a few months.
that's nice, do you have any hobbies?
i am sure it is.
that's so funny, i just got back from a run. i'm a runner.
i am great how about yourself?
i'm so hungry. i just got back from a protein shake.
oh, you are a healthy eater?
yes i'm a vegetarian. i'm a vegetarian
i play basketball for a living
wow, i'm really proud of you.
all of them! how about you?
you are a housewife?
i have no kids. i have a husband.
i had to go to the hospital
i am sorry to hear that
i'm glad to hear that
what kind of dog is it?
i'm a student at nyu. what are you studying?
hello, i am great. how are you?
i love to play with my dogs
i volunteer at the aspca, i volunteer at starbucks.
i've to read, especially in the middle of the night. i am reading a book about
i love anything genre, anything genre. you?
what kind of books do you write?
no, i am a professional writer. i write as a professional writer.
i feel like i am so busy all the time, i don't have time to get out much
yes i'm sure you do!
i like to play video games. i am a mean person
i am doing good, and you?
wow that sounds nice
i work in the hotel industry
i have been to many. do you travel a lot?
i just finished working in the hotel industry, what do you do?
i think i know why i love them so much
i want to travel to mexico and mexico, but i'm too afraid
yeah, i am not sure what it is about but it is weird.
i just bought a new sweater, it is really cute!
i like to watch, i like to watch a lot.
i have a cat named lucky.
i love to look at clouds and daydream about them
i love animals, and i want to adopt some.
i am so very jealous! i wish i could have my prince!
hello! how are you today?
i've a huge family and i'm loving it.
i'm in high school. i am in college.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i'm a yoga instructor.
me too! i am more of a yoga person.
what are you talking about?
i like to eat meat. i love meat. i'm a vegetarian. i've a
spaghetti is great. i just got a new iphone.
i am doing great. i am a little stressed today
i'm so busy i've been busy
i guess. i guess so. i guess.
i have a kid. do you have any kids?
i'm not sure that i would be able to do that
they're. i am looking for a place to live
i am a bit of a teacher i teach children and kids to do gymnastics
oh no! i am sorry, i don't have any
i was thinking about shooting a wild animal myself.
that's nice of you to say. i'm a big fan of the color pink.
do you have any hobbies?
i am sure you did, what did you do?
i was in a wreck. so that's why i'm scared
you are very funny
i'm not a loser. i'm a loser, i just want to play halo.
i'm not sure what that is. i'm more of a girl.
i don't know what you mean
well, i've to go, my kids are hungry.
i'm sorry to hear that.
that's crazy. i am a beer distributor.
i am sorry, i don't know what you mean
i don't think he would. he is too young to understand.
i would never do that.
i am. i'm a puppy. i'm a dog.
i'm sorry to hear that.
i feel sorry for you. i'm sure you are doing okay
good how are you
that sounds fun, i like to do yoga. i really like it.
i can teach you to play sports like basketball?
i like eating. i like to eat healthy foods.
i love to run
i like to go fishing and fishing.
i like to play sports too
i love romantic comedies.
that is good. i'm a woman. how can i love them?
poetry is a wonderful hobby, i'm currently writing a poem about poetry.
yeah i guess that is good to hear
i spend a lot of time in my free time, so i am always busy.
yeah i work with a lot of people
i will, i'm sad too
i know that. but i'm sad all the time.
oh no. what happened?
i hope so. i'm going to meet someone new.
well, i am a pretty good artist and i need some artistic talent.
i love painting my art. what do you do for a living?
i do. i have a tv in my room. it is in my closet.
i bet that's a lot of work
yes, you can watch it.
i have one but i don't have one yet
what color is your paint? i dyed it to match the color of my paint.
i'm so sorry. what are you going to do?
i'll try to sell you one for free. what do you do for work?
i am doing well. i just got back from a run.
i'm doing great. just got done working on my homework. how are you?
i'm fine i am good just relaxing at home
i've two dogs and a lizard.
what are you going to school for?
i do, i love it, i enjoy it. i love to workout, i love working out
i do. what about you?
oh yeah. i work out and eat a lot of protein. i eat a lot of protein
i have to admit that i have been through a lot, especially when i am in the gym
that's good. i'm learning to be a good teacher, and teach people how to
i love to eat out
yes, it was. i think we both have a lot to learn.
i work for a government agency. how about you?
i am not much of a dancer.
i'm in a band, you?
what do you do?
i play a few instruments. do you like to play?
no i am not. my husband and i have a dog named jerry
yes, i like coffee and coffee.
what do you mean?
i do. i love it. what about you?
no, i don't, i don't dance, do you dance?
i do. i love going on long hikes in the mountains.
yes, i do, and i love unicorns.
sure. how about you?
i'm pam and i have 3 kids
wow that's cool, i am just a kid myself.
wow that is great! i work at the church and have not seen my husband in a while.
it is nice to help out in the world
i'm selling clothes for sale online
i care deeply about animals rights and rights. i care deeply about the animal rights movement.
i am very happy you have two dogs.
that's very sweet of you. i donate a lot of my money to animals
that is so sweet of you. i am so sorry. i don't have a maid.
oh okay. i am sure that is not fun.
i don't have any siblings, so i don't get to know my siblings
i am glad to hear that. i'm glad you are well.
i am doing well. how about you?
you are an urban person?
oh, i see. i'm so sorry to hear that.
yes it is. do you like red?
i'm a banker, but i'm also an investment banker, that's a good
yes i own a pet snake and a snake
i'm so sorry. i don't have any pets.
i have two dogs, a lab and a lab.
i went to nyc and nyc and new york city.
oh, i love them too.
i went to princeton for my masters degree
i went just near the house where my parents were killed
i'm a new student and i am a new student
i am doing well. how are you?
that's good.
i am not sure how to respond to that.
nice. where do you live?
i'm so sorry. how is she doing now?
it is cool, i'm looking for a place to build my own house
i am a hiker and i like nature
i'm a paramedic. i also volunteer at a local hospital
i work for a theater company.
what kind of cars do you have?
i'm a mechanic at a garage
i like to play with my toys and toys. i like to play with my toys.
i'm a bookworm and blogger
yeah i think that would be a good idea. i am a big dogs person.
i love animals, and they are my pets.
i work at a bank. i work at a bank as a banker.
do you have any hobbies?
oh my, i love cars
wow. that is nice. where do you drive to?
i bet that's a good car.
i'm so proud of my grandma.
no, i love red, but i think my hair is a little too long.
what do you like to do?
i love french fries. i don't like eggs though.
i'm good, how are you?
i'm a little tired, my job keeps me up all night. i am a farmer
i work in a computer company, but i also love to read.
i'm a single woman
what do you do for a living?
i am, i'm actually very brave! i'm not afraid of heights, i '
that's cool. i'm in the military, i was a pilot when i was younger
well that would be nice, i would love to have you.
i'm not sure if i can do that.
good, i'm ok. how are you?
hi, i'm watching some football. how are you?
that is great! i am watching tv and grading my students papers
i teach history, history is fun.
i teach english in the language. i've a degree in english.
i don't have any pets but i've a pet parrot.
what do you do for a living?
i enjoy pets, i've a pet lion
what kind of animals do you have?
i've never been to a bar, i am in a bar too
i have no children and i wish i had one.
i'm sure that you are right. what do you do for work?
that's great. i am trying to find someone i can share it with.
good. i am good. how are you?
i'm doing great. i love kayaking!
i love kayaking
i am a vegan
sure, i love the food and dressing up to make it look like i am dressing up for dinner
that sounds like a great combination. i love butter dipped in butter.
i'm so hungry! i'm starving!
i love flying model airplanes
what color are your eyes?
that's a lot of running!
well, yes, and you?
hello, i just came in from working as a mechanic.
i'm doing ok. just getting ready for work.
what kind of wine do you like?
i am from oregon. i live in the midwest. i'm from the midwest.
my trust fund keeps me from being a stranger to people
nice. where do you live?
i am a student at the university. i'm studying to be a doctor
i do like it here but i don't like the heat
hi dale, how are you?
i don't have a job, i just paint and paint.
what are you drinking?
i am good. how are you?
i am good and you?
what do you do for work?
yes i did. i took a picture of it and took it to the museum.
what do you do for fun?
i was in the big apple.
i am so sorry to hear that.
i would like to go to hawaii,
i attended the high school at a high school in pittsburgh. i attended the school for the same reason
no she's a professor at stanford. what are your hobbies
i am a social worker for a school, which is where i work,
i'm an accountant.
i've a job at a home.
i'm in college. i'm in a band.
sounds fun. i'm a lone wolf myself
you must be very good at it!
classic rock, pop, pop, pop. and lots of other pop songs. you?
me either, i'm a waiter
that's a good one. i like to read.
i really like pens.
i see, i don't have a job right now either
i just got done painting. i just finished my last painting.
you sound like a comedian!
i like to wear something that matches my style. i love to wear dresses.
i'm good, just taking a break from work. how about you?
i have never seen a skin so good
no, i just put on my favorite brand of lotions
i want to be famous one day
i love to play sports, i like to watch football.
do you like to play any sports?
what are you thinking?
you should go shopping. that would help you out
yoga is great. i am a teacher, and i love it.
i am going to cook dinner
i love meat! do you like veggies?
it is going good. just watching some tv. you?
i am going great and you?
i'm going to work tomorrow
oh, how nice. i got out of work and went for a drive.
madonna is one of my favorites. she's a great singer.
where do you live?
i do like them, do you?
i do, do you? i've a large hunting cabin.
that is true. i love animals. i don't need to kill them.
i've a dog and a cat.
i'm a dog lover. i've a dog too.
i am sorry, do you have any pets?
i live in the midwest. i live in the midwest. how about you?
i am from denver. i was born in denver. where are you from?
wow! my family is from japan. i've a lot of friends in japan.
that's ok, i need to sit in the living room more
i don't like to watch it. i'm not very good at it.
that's very true, i eat a lot of food, but i'm not a big
i do! i love mcdonalds. i also like pizza.
i think you are whining.
great, how are you?
i'm good thanks for asking
what do you like to make?
i like meat! i love it!
why did you move to portland?
i cook meat every weekend for my wife. she's my wife.
i'm so glad that you are happy. i love to cook and cook for my partner.
i drive a black subaru sedan. what kind of car?
i am not sure if i like being a gay guy.
i do. it is a lot of fun. what about you?
i'm not sure what you mean by rap music
i am great! i am watching some movies on tv
hi! i like to write. i'm a writer. i work as a writer.
i wish i could surf. i'm not into it.
yes i do. i'll try to run along the beach
yeah i got that a lot. i'm a photographer
yeah i know that feeling. my wife and i are taking walks in the park in the park.
i don't know if my mom ever taught me
i write in my backyard. i'm a writer.
how long did you play?
i don't think i would be able to do that. i'd have to be able
oh, i'd write about you and your road to stardom.
i love to go outside in the sunshine and enjoy the color of the sky
i am good and how are you?
i love being able to eat lunch, i've a lot of energy.
i was thinking about using my car. i am sorry for your loss.
yes i did, i called them as soon as i saw it was in trouble
sorry, i've no keys. i am an attorney, so i don't have any keys
i've been cleaning up after a lot of trash lately
i do, i am not a huge fan of lutefisk, but i love to cook
i am from the united states of america. i'm not sure.
sweden, i moved here in 1971, when i moved here
i'm sure it would.
i am from the midwest, but i am from the midwest. where are you from?
i'm from the west.
i work as a pilot for the airlines. you?
i'm a chef. what do you like to do?
i love nature
why is that? i hate my boss, he is too old for me
i am a guy.
i think that would be interesting.
i'm not sure. do you like netflix?
that sounds like fun i am not a big fan of babysitting
do you know who my mother is?
i don't know if i'm ready for that. i'm not sure i'm
i am so sorry. i love my job.
i am sure you would like to help me with something.
i'm sure it will be soon.
good. i'm good. how are you?
i am doing well. what about you?
i'm great. i love watching the wind blow, i love the weather.
no, i am not. i was just outside the hurricane shelter.
i am not, i'm very close to it.
what are you doing for dinner?
yes, i'm ready for fall, what do you do for fun?
i do, but i hate halloween!
i don't like the cold. i love the hot apple juice.
what do you do for fun?
i do. do you cook? i love it.
yum! i love cooking exotic foods.
yes, i don't know what you mean.
hi, i am doing ok. how are you?
i have been writing in my diary for three years now
i have a diary but i don't want to talk about it.
i think i can do that. i'm really into writing, so it would be fun.
what do you do for a living?
well, i'm so excited about my future, i'm excited to meet people. i
i work at a grocery store. i need a job. i am not very good at it.
i want to go to europe.
i do, and i have a good family. what about you?
iceland is the best. i love it.
iceland is pretty cold, i'm sorry about that.
i spend most of my free time by myself. i love to knit. i love to knit.
i'm glad you are happy. i don't want to think about that right now
sure. do you have any hobbies?
i am going to be there for the game. i'm going to watch it on tv
i don't know. i'm a fan of the beatles.
i play football for the football team, i am a linebacker for the football team
i'm a graduate student. i graduated last year at college. i've been here for
oh wow! that's a lot of people!
i do nails and hair color. i've a ton of them.
i went to the gym once and got a new uniform for the gym. i had a new uniform
oh, i get that. i enjoy hiking
well, it is just a universe.
hello! i'm ok. what do you do for fun?
what is the answer if you listen to it?
i am at work right now.
i've not had time to go out much
well i love it. i am not much of a party planner.
oh, i love to sell food and other things.
yeah.
thank you. i also like to hike and hike with my wife and i.
i enjoy being outside, and outside, and outside.
that is awesome. i like soap. i make a lot of products like soap.
i do, i draw the best. what do you do?
i'm just a student, i love art
yes i do, i play sports
i like to go fishing. what about you?
that's a sport! i like to go to the gym. i am going to be a
no, i don't. do you?
i love dogs! i've a dog and a dog. what about you?
i am happy that i have two dogs and two cats.
i've a new consulting business and i am happy
he was a lawyer, he was a lawyer too, he had a lot of friends around
i bet that's great. i bet you build things.
yes, but we didn't get to talk in years
i miss him a lot too. i miss him a lot
i am glad you are ok. i'm really scared
i work in a shop. i love to shop.
hi i am well just got back from the hospital
i love cooking on the grill
i don't have a job
i am a roofer, its hard work, but i'm glad i can do it
how are you today?
that sounds good. what do you do for a living?
i'm about to go into the forest and relax for a few hours.
that would be great! i can bring my beer. i am a guy
okay, i'll bring my violin and a good meal.
thanks, i like steak well done
yeah i suppose. i guess i just don't get to know you.
i am not sure if i want to go to the dealership.
i am a pretty good at driving the station wagon. i am a stay at home mom.
i am doing great. i just got back from my walk
i am not very good at that. i am a robot.
i love my new car. what do you drive?
i've never driven a car either.
i am thinking about selling it. it is a honda civic
i am thinking about buying some clothes for you
so far we have not found any test drives
i am buying new cars
well, i've a lot of money. i go to a new store every week. i
i'm doing great and you?
i work in a hospital
i am sorry to hear that
well, i am glad you are happy. i've been here all my life.
how long have you been with your family?
i'm a single woman, i am looking for a husband
i think they would like you. i think they would be proud of you
i study to be a pediatrician
the only thing i can do is stay in my room and cry and cry and cry
that's good to hear.
i would like to help you.
i enjoy reading, or watching movies.
i don't have any pets. i'm not very good at it.
i am so sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
i surf a lot too. i surf for fun.
i am a lawyer, and i have a lot of clients.
i work as a nurse, i am a nurse
i work for the railroad company. i am a freight company.
what do you like to do for fun?
i like to cook a lot of different types of food.
i've a lot of homework to do. i'm going to school in a few days
hi, how are you?
i understand that. i'm very busy. i have to get back to work soon.
i like the lumineers, how about you?
i'm not sure, i'm not sure of metallica
i could not do that. i love being with you.
are you in a relationship?
well, you see, i am an american.
what is wrong with you?
i am not sure. i draw a lot of drawings. i draw things in my own sketchbook.
you can do anything you try
ok, i'm going to try and sleep now.
why not? i don't want to live my life anymore.
i am just taking a break from my day at work. i'm going to be working for
i've adopted a couple kids, they're all my children.
i like to eat anything that is healthy
what do you do for a living?
i like pizza. i like pizza and pizza.
you are so sweet, you should come over and pick me up.
i am great, just relaxing with my friends.
i'm good. how about yourself?
what are you studying?
i'm not stuck in the office i am in the office all day
i'm sorry to hear that.
i am also a full time student at the local college
i have a dog and a cat. do you have any pets?
i like dogs, my dog is named elvis, and i am mary.
i could be in a lot of trouble with my binder, i'm so much more talented
yes. my dad has one, he bought me a pony when i was young.
i'm sorry to hear that
yes i do, and i am hoping to get it done tomorrow.
i'm sorry about that
hello, how are you today?
i am well. what are you up to today?
i like to play sports. i love to play sports.
i am studying to become a professor at college
i like comic books. i like to read books and read comics.
i also like to read, i'm a reader.
i work at a grocery store.
i volunteer at taco stands, but i like to go to the library to find new taco stand.
i like tacos. i love tacos. they are my favorite!
i don't like insurance salesman
i like art. i like to draw in my art portfolio
yes i enjoy bike riding, what do you like to do?
i have not been to the garden in a while
i want to paint my condo blue.
i like blue, so blue i can feel the color of my own eyes. blue is nice
i love to read reddit and read about reddit.
future.
well, i'm sure you can find a way
i like to go out on dates
i like listening to music and listening to music
oh my.
i don't have time for bikes. i am only 15.
yeah, i got a new truck for the last couple of months
it was a toyota truck.
i know. i know. i am just nervous. i am so nervous.
yes, i work in my shop as a baker, what kind of shop?
wow! that must be a lot. i'm a slave, too.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you work long hours?
i love hot wings. they're my favorite food
i am not sure i want to be a doctor anymore.
it is a good thing you like corn on the cob
i have voted for the president.
i'm going to be a lawyer.
i'm doing good. how are you?
good! just got done with my yoga class
oh wow, that's awesome. i just got back from the gym
my life is great, i'm a professional athlete
i love watching the sox. i watch them play a lot.
i like football too. i'm from a different country.
i am a vet assistant. i don't have a job right now.
i made a baseball team for my college baseball team.
i like to be a scientist. i like to do research.
what is your favorite food?
that is good, i am sorry to hear that. i'm currently in retirement.
i am doing well. how are you?
good morning, how are you doing?
not yet. do you?
how is your garden?
my favorite flower is the baby blue. how about you?
i love roses, i'm a florist, i'm a florist
i'm a real lady, how are you?
i've a huge house on 5 acres
wow! that is a great one!
i'm, i love to listen to music.
i love cooking and i really like to cook
i'm a councilor of the city council, so that's how i can help you.
she is a nurse and she's a nurse at the hospital
i am doing good just got back from a walk. i read a lot.
hi i am a 6th grade teacher.
i love audio books
that is a good thing. i've heard you sneeze at the wrong time.
do you have any books on water? i like to read books about it
do you live in japan?
no, i have never been to japan. have you?
what is your favorite food?
i've no idea what that's.
i am well. how are you?
i'm in the art gallery.
i love watching movies on tv
i am in town tomorrow and i am taking care of a friend
that is cool what do you do for fun
i just watched the movie. it was so funny.
i love to hunt and watch the wildlife.
i bet you do, i bet you hunt like your dad, i bet you do
i am sorry to hear that. my daughters are young and not a good shot.
its going great. just got back from work
that is good to know. i am not sure if i could survive out here in the big city
i work in an office
i love video games, especially the games that involve music
what do you do for a living?
that is a good thing to do. i'm an expert in languages
i'm a trucker.
i think magic mike is a movie, its a lot of fun!
i like country music
no, i don't. do you have any kids?
how is your first year going?
i am studying psychology. do you have any hobbies?
oh okay, do you have any pets?
i love it, i also love to teach kids
yes i'm!
how are you doing today
i worry about my grades. i'm an a grade school student.
yeah, i'm not sure what to expect.
i work in a retail store
hi, how are you doing today?
i'm doing well. how are you?
i am good. i'm doing well. how are you?
i'm a fan of soccer
what do you do for work?
ok, we will see you there.
what kind of work do you do?
no, but i do work during the week. i don't work on weekends, but i do
i'm so sorry to hear that.
i don't have to work much, i live with my parents in an apartment.
what kind of work do you do?
i love the disney movies too!
the movie is the best.
i love disney. i love the disney movies.
that is awesome. i just got home from work.
i'm a plumber and i'm a plumber
i am a dental assistant at a ritzy area. what do you do for work?
wow! that is quite a skill you have there.
i love to party, do you?
lol i am too busy to be a mom, lol
yeah i am married and have two kids, and love my husband
i am not very good at hobbies. i like to spend time with my friends.
i love festivals
that is great, i am also a celebrity myself, do you like celebrities?
i like to be a pro athlete. i'm a pro athlete
i am going to watch tonight, how are you
hello, i'm a student at the university of california.
i don't know what that means
i work in a law office
that sounds like a lot of fun. i'm a wizard, i can help you.
i work as a professional gambler. i bet you have a lot of money
i've a few. i don't think they like girls.
i've not watched that show yet. do you like it?
that is a weird coincidence. i'm not into www
my son is at school right now so i'm not sure what to do
oh ok. i like to be with friends.
i am doing ok. just finished eating dinner.
watching a movie with my girlfriend, she's my best friend
i think that we can use a new system to create game ideas.
i'm not a fan of video games either, i am more of a game person
i listen to country music
pink is my favorite color, i love it!
yes, it is. i have a lot of fun breaking benjamin.
that's awesome! i'm in the city and just got my new book.
i love to go to the store where i work
i'm not sure what you mean by proposing
i'm too busy with my own business to have time for family, and i love my job
i am great, how about you?
i am great. i am good. how are you?
i am going to need more pumpkins. i need to add more pumpkins.
i love fall and spring. my favorite time of year.
i like the seeds. i like to make pies.
i love swimming. it is so relaxing.
i don't, i am a swimming instructor. i am a swim instructor for the summer.
tacos are great!
what is your favorite shrimp?
i'm so hungry! i love to eat.
no. i'm not that good. i just watch videos
i've a cat. i love cats
that's a good dog name.
yes i sing. i sing in the shower. you?
no pets, i don't have any pets.
i'm just a little brother. how about you?
i like sweets and desserts
i'm a writer, i write stories about my work
i know. my son writes scary stories. do you have a son?
i teach children at a high school.
i was a military student and now i teach elementary school.
yes, i drive a big truck. do you?
i love to garden
i'm not rich but i'm happy and looking forward to my big break.
hello from small town usa
hello there, how are you doing today?
i enjoy riding my horse and riding my horse.
how are you doing today
i am. i am also very active. i love to go to the beach.
no, i don't play any sports, but i do enjoy sports.
i also like to hike
i like to read and to play basketball. do you play sports?
i love nature, especially nature nature.
i know what you mean. my air is good too. i can smell it though.
i teach nursing at a school near my house
i'm trying to make more money. what do you do for a living?
thanks for the compliment. i'm pretty good at that.
i teach high school.
i teach kindergarten at a kindergarten, it is my class.
doing great and you?
yeah, i'm pretty good at it.
i will try that. do you like dogs?
yes, i play the stock market, it is my favorite thing
very nice! i am an accountant, i work from home.
i wish i knew how to play the piano.
i am a tennis player. i play every sunday, i love tennis
i am so sorry to hear that. i'm trying to figure out how to get my algorith
i love all kinds. do you like music?
that would be nice. i work from home, so i am not really close to people.
no, i just started coding. i think i'm gonna try it out.
yeah. i want to learn to do something more exciting.
i have not seen him. what do you do for fun?
oh i'm sorry to hear that
that's great. i just got back from the band.
i love concerts, but sometimes the symphony is a concert instead of a concert
that is great i go to nyc once a week
yes it was amazing! i'm also impressed with how much you've accomplished in a few
i am a curator. what is your dream job?
i am sure you can get by with it
i paint houses, houses, houses, houses.
yes, i am. i am in school right now. i am studying to be a doctor.
yes you do! two years to go to college.
i'm a 6th grader and am a sixth grader
doing well. how are you?
i'm good how about you
that sounds like a lot of fun. i love to do a lot of things.
i am a salesman. how about you?
i'm the museum clerk for a museum.
i am sure you'll do great. do you have a job?
i'm to much of a chicken in the chicken game
i love running, it is my favorite. what do you do for a living?
oh no i'm sorry. i am a nurse, how are you?
hi! i am good. how are you?
i am doing great and you?
i like to be outdoors. i like to don't have to worry about anything.
well, i just got back from traveling
i do bike. i am a real sport rider.
you are getting a new place to live
yes i do i'm in the area
what do you do for a living?
i'm okay. i'm fine, just not good at seeing things.
i'm glad you are okay, i'm good at reading, and i'm looking
mine is blonde. i'm blonde.
i like animals. i also love animals
i love cats. i love animals, especially cats, i also love cats.
what is your favorite thing to eat?
oh, my goodness, that's amazing!
oh, i don't know. i am a single woman.
oh that's great. i've chocolate and chocolate cake
i'm so sorry to hear that. i have never met eunice before
she's, she's in 3rd grade and i have to be careful
i've not seen her in a while.
i'm in florida, how about you?
hello, how are you doing?
i am bill. i am sorry i cannot shake your hand
hello will you go by sam for short?
that's cool. what kind of music do you like?
what do you do for fun?
are you a boxer or a boxer?
oh no. i've a cat named jake
i'm going to need a lot of help to farm my cattle!
i love meat. i love meat, especially meat!
i have a cat named tabby. i'm a pet yorkie.
i stay busy and busy. i also like to play my guitar.
no i am not. i don't eat meat. i don't have a big family
i'm good, how are you?
its going good, just got done working on my new project, how are you?
how did you do that?
i am studying to be a doctor. i'm a medical doctor.
i am studying to be a doctor
no, i am in the us now. what do you do?
i am in cleveland. i am in chicago, where are you?
i am gonna have to go spurs tonight. i am gonna go spurs.
good, it is cold here. i have been up here a few days now.
what is your favorite food?
i'm about to head out for a walk. do you like to walk?
i'm doing well. what are you up to?
i understand that. i work at a bar and i am a bartender.
i'm not very healthy, and i love it.
that's nice. i like french fries too.
yes, i am a good athlete. i enjoy soccer as much as i enjoy soccer
what do you do for a living?
yeah, i take a lot of pictures of my friends and family, they love taking them.
i'm going to take some pictures of my french fries in french fries
i have been to the zoo and the zoo!
i enjoy reading. what about you?
that is awesome. do you like soccer?
i don't care about people. i just want to be with my friends.
i fell down the stairs
what is your favorite color?
i am watching basketball, what is your favorite team?
that's not good.
i do. i like football
oh no! i'm so sorry. i'm the same way.
i like cars
you should eat soft food
yes it has. i've been working with my family for several years.
i am so sorry to hear that
i like to go fishing and fishing, fishing is my favorite!
yes, i hope you can escape reality.
i work out every day, i like to workout, but i also like to workout.
what do you do for fun?
hi, my son is 5 and i am also in high school
i have a child who i have a hard time with.
no, not married. just married. you?
oh, i see. you are single?
i like to read mystery novels, i love to read mystery novels.
i play chess, i love it
i love to go to the beach, but i am so smart
i like to get into the sack with a girl, i like her to be my girlfriend
i love eating all kinds of food. i love to eat everything.
that's the only thing you can drink!!!!!!!!!!!
you should try some soda, it helps me relax.
i used to drink, but it took a while for me to start again.
it is not that bad. i'm a huge coffee drinker.
i'm going to shave my legs and my toes, then go to my nails appointment.
i am a divorce lawyer for a firm. i have a boyfriend
i've so much to do before he gets home from work
i'm so tired i can barely think.
i love my old beauty pageant days
i'm sorry, what is your favorite food?
well, i'm sure he's in good spirits.
oh i see, that's quite an age difference
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm allergic to cats.
i went to the movies. i watched the movie with my friends.
oh that is so sweet! i will make some for my wedding cake this weekend!
i am also dieting
i would love that. what do you do for a living?
i've a car and you?
i do! i've been watching a lot of movies. do you watch much?
i don't know. i'm a girl and i cannot say.
that's great! i've never been to a theater before!
you have to go to the park. i need to go to the park.
its nice to have a good time
i'm 33 and i am a senior in high school.
i am good. i am doing ok. just relaxing.
i just finished a very delicious dessert.
that's too bad. i'm still in a very young age.
i don't. i just want to go back to the house and eat some jello.
i would not mind some chocolate cake. what do you do for work?
mine is red, what is yours?
i have no grandchildren, i've three little ones.
i worked from home for a while. i worked in my home office.
what kind of interior designer?
i have, have you tried it?
it is. it is the best i have had in a long time.
that's very nice. i'm a vegan so i love to eat.
i like to make tomato bisque soups, and i make a lot of sauce for my tomato
i've to go to work tomorrow, i have to work tomorrow
i'm jim. i'm a cripple. i'm a cripple
wow, i'm so sorry to hear that.
i'm vegan but i like to eat vegan food
i get alot of mail. it comes in mail from all over the world.
i don't have a lot of friends either.
what kind of pigs do you have?
they are doing great. just got home from work. how are you?
i have a lot of them. lol.
i need vitamin c, i feel sick
yes it is!
i am just over 30 and still in high school
no you are not, i'm quite old. i'm a little older than you
i'm doing well. just getting ready to go to bed. you?
great. i just got back from walking my dog.
what do you do for work?
just hanging out with my friends and family. you?
that sounds nice! i enjoy hiking as well!
that is cool. i sell property on the weekends.
i am very busy. i've a lot of free time.
that is great i love looking for love
i am looking for someone who can give me a real relationship
i've a guilty pleasure
it is, and i really like it
i'm a loner, so i have not.
i've a brother and two sisters.
i don't know.
i read tarot cards to help people find their lost loved ones
i am a dental assistant at a dental office.
yes chicago. how about you?
wow! i've never been to new orleans. i love it.
i agree, it is very hard to believe, but it is true.
what do you mean? i think there are lots of people out there.
well, you should be proud of yourself!
that's nice. i like to hang out with friends.
that's great. i am glad you have a nice day
i love shrimp and make my own cloths
seafood is great. i like seafood, but i am not much for seafood
me too. i like to be a vampire.
i'm packing up my car, i am going to go to a big concert
it is. i want to go back to school.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i'm a lawyer.
i'm a student. i am a student at nyu. what about you?
wow, you are really smart, i just graduated law school.
i'm having a hard time keeping up with my kids
hey there, how are you today?
i like to travel and travel. i've been to the moon a couple of times.
it is nice to get to know you. i'm in new york city.
i wish i could get out more!
i work for a bank. i work in the bank.
that is pretty much all i know
i am the only child, i am the only child
no, i've not ever been on one
hi, i am nancy
i like to do parachuting
i love to listen to the beatles and see how they are doing
i am a big fan of the song i just wrote.
i like to listen to the music.
i've a boyfriend... he is a friend..
i do. i like to watch people.
do you do anything for fun?
good, how about you?
good and you?
i am doing well too. just got done teaching a class.
i am the only child of a single mom
i was in a car accident. i was on the road.
that sounds like a lot of fun
yes i would be. what do you do for a living?
i like singing in the shower but i've to be careful
oh, i'm sorry. i'm not really good at singing
maybe, i don't know.
you are a busy man. i am a busy man.
i am good. just watching some tv. you?
i am good. i just got done reading.
oh, i'm a vegetarian. i enjoy grilling steaks
that sounds fun, i like to go out with friends
i am so hungry, i don't want to eat asparagus. i hate asparagus.
i did not. i just knew.
what do you do for a living?
haha well that is good, do you have any allergies?
i love nuts! i am a sucker for nuts
i don't have allergies so i don't have allergies
i have been to school
hi! no kids, but i have a few dogs and a cat.
i'm sure you are a kid, do you have any hobbies?
oh i am old too
that is good to hear! i'm just so excited!
i'm not athletic, but i do like to ski
what do you do for fun?
yes, i do, but i am not looking for a job. i am looking for a new
i'm sorry to hear that. i don't like people in public
you sound like a great person
yes, i'm. i am excited. i love autumn, i love autumn!
i've a lot of friends who like to go to the beach
what do you like to do?
i love winter, it is the best!
yes, i love early mornings and i get up early so early.
do you think that he will come around again?
i don't do much
you could be a salesperson at the moment
i used to be a runner, but i have not been working since i got out of the army
what do you do?
i like to go out to eat. i don't do much. what about you?
i'm doing well, how are you?
i am great! how are you?
oh wow that is awesome
i love plants. i used to have a garden.
i love ween. i love the band ween.
oh ok. i don't have one either
i'm not sure what you mean.
oh. i've never liked the weather. i like to go out for a drive
i think some art is good, but i am not sure what art is.
i like video games and games
anything that involves eating, what is your favorite food?
i love all types of music, especially the music that you like!
i like rock and roll, man, whats your favorite rock?
yes i do i love rap
thank you. i don't think i'd be able to do that,
no they are not. they just want to see us fight. they are like crazy rap fans.
what do you listen to?
oh nice, i need a shave
well, you can always grow a beard
i don't like to look like a guy with a big rig.
i'm a chemist, i'm also a very well educated person
well i am just about to finish high school.
oh that's too bad. i'm not that good at anything.
oh no! i cannot play any instruments right now. i've no time for that.
i'm doing great how are you
i am good. how are you doing?
well, i'm an interior designer. what do you do?
i do, but i am not sure i like them.
great, i've two cats and one cat.
i do. i like to play football and football.
i'm sure you don't, i like to watch baseball.
my mom taught me to play baseball, she also taught me to play baseball
i played for the steelers team in high school. i played for the steelers
i play a lot of sports. i've never been to a lot of games.
i like blue. i love blue.
good. how are you doing?
good night, how are you?
i love romance novels and romance novels
i am. i am from the us
i used to be in the army and now i'm in the army
i am sorry to hear that, how is your fiance doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. i am looking for a new car
what is your favorite color?
wow! that's really cool! i love freckles!
i like red heads too. i don't have any red heads.
i was a construction worker at the time
i can not do that. my hands are covered in blood
i've a short stature so i can run faster
i am good. how are you?
doing great. i am just finishing up my homework.
do you have any hobbies?
i'm single and have two daughters.
what did you do to your wife?
she is a wonderful mother and a wonderful cook, i enjoy spending time with my wife
i am so sorry to hear that
i enjoy playing video games. i like to play games on the computer
my hobby is drawing and fishing.
i work as a secretary for a bank. i'm a bank teller.
i love coffee. i'm a coffee drinker, i drink a lot.
i don't drink coffee, but i do love coffee
unemployed, i work in a bar and i'm currently unemployed.
i am doing ok, just got home from work. how about you?
i am doing great. how are you?
good! you don't have to work out as much as you should.
i have been playing computer games for years now, i love it
i'm glad you are having a good day.
i don't watch tv but i do like to read
how old are you? i am 23.
i play games with my friends. i don't like games, but i play them
i am an accountant, how about you?
i work from home at home.
i do edit for a local magazine, but i edit for a local newspaper, a local newspaper.
i'm having a good day. how about you?
hi nancy. how are you?
that is good. i'm an activist for a local community.
red is my favorite color
that's cool. what do you do for fun?
i am a redhead, i wear a lot of red lipstick and shoes.
i like to work out and try to make a good impression on people. i love blue.
i love golf! i love the color red!
i love reading and writing, especially books on female authors
i'm listening to some country music. what about you?
hi, i am an unemployed artist artist
none. i have no leads. i'm still looking.
i never really liked it but i was passionate about it.
yes i'm a lawyer, i travel for work, but my work is slow
i'm a writer and currently freelance editor.
i can not wait to get out and party!
good luck with that. you sound like a nice person.
you ever been to the movies?
haha, that is what i heard!
i've always wanted to see a red filter.
i don't, i am not sure.
yeah. like black and white.
i'm great, how are you?
hi! i am doing great. i just got home from work
i'm good too. i like the rain. i love the rain.
i'm enjoying my day too, and yours
i don't have any sheets. i don't have any.
i hope they get to sleep in.
no i'm too busy with my cat.
i've 4 cats.
i'd be happy to fit in my van and drive to a party
i love tacos, what is your dream?
i am a queen of the pizza place here in california. i am the queen of the pizza place
i see. i'm just a girl, who needs a man.
i love to play sports, i'm a professional athlete.
i am doing well, how are you?
that is great! i've been trying to help others, especially people like you!
yes, i would like that. what do you like to do?
oh no!
no kids. i am not a good eater. do you?
sushi is yummy
i don't need to drive a ferrari, just a ferrari!
i know how you feel.
yes. i don't want him to know.
well i'm a nurse so that's where i work
well i did not know he was famous
noah. he was my brother.
nice to meet you buck.
i just got home from the gym, i just got back from a run with my dog
he's a dog. he's a vampire.
what a great name for a dog.
i drive a ford focus, i don't drive it.
i love the lexus. i've to use it as a lexus because i drive a lexus
i drive a jag! what color is it?
i've a good heart, and my heart is so pure that i want to be a doctor
i'm a bit of a drinker. i'm a single man, single and have a
oh, i am a woman. i love to drink. i love to party
maybe, what do you have planned for the weekend?
i like the atmosphere in the pubs, and the atmosphere in the pubs in my pub.
and i think we have in common.
that's nice. i'm not very good at it. i'm a vegetarian.
i am doing good. how about you?
i'm, thank you, how are you?
i am going fishing today. i want to catch some fish.
you are the best, you should go fishing!
i've a viking style boat, do you have one?
yes it is, what do you do for a living?
oh wow that is very cool. what do you do for fun?
i love it.
what do you do for fun?
i love my jaguar. i have a jaguar, it is a brand new car.
new?
yes, a vintage car.
pink. i love it!
its been pretty good so far. i'm doing okay
my arm broke once when i was in the accident
i was not going to but i'm a little scared.
i'm sure you do.
i like hiking and camping
i'm afraid of heights. i'm afraid of heights.
carrots are my favorite food. i love carrots and carrots are my favorite food
oh. what color is your hair?
what color is your hair?
carrots matches my hair color.
i don't like carrots either. i'm allergic to carrots.
i like to be outside in nature. i love nature.
i like anime too. i like to go to comic cons and comic cons.
no i don't have any pets.
why do you say that?
how many cats do you have?
what do you do for a living?
i do. i live with my grandparents. i've a small family
no, but i do love to go out and do things.
i do. i also enjoy being around people.
i think i should get some rest
i'm in a depression and i'm not going to be able to go to work anymore
i'm doing well. how are you?
i play games with my friends and do a lot of games
i love video games and games!
i'm an interior decorator
i want to be in a broadway musical.
i love cake!
i work at starbucks part time, it pays the bills for me.
i am sorry, do you like cake?
i have, a few times. i've never had one of those
no, i don't. i like candy.
my car is red. i have to go back to the gym.
i think its best if you don't tell anyone about the candy licorice flavor
i like to watch tv shows on my laptop.
i am good, how about yourself?
i am watching a movie.
i listen to folk music. they sing folk music.
yeah, i know. i am more of a rock person.
i was playing in the park. i played in the park.
i like video games, and playing video games.
i serve in the navy but don't serve
for a while now. i serve the state. do you have any hobbies?
i hope you get better at it
i've served for years.
i agree with you there. i'm trying to help you
wow. that is awesome. do you have any hobbies?
yes there is. do you like farming?
i'm good, just got back from working on the house. how are you?
hi carl i'm amanda i live in new york city
no, i don't. i'm a big dog lover.
that's cool. i'm learning how to use the internet, i'm learning to
i'm a neighbor, so i'm a neighbour, so i help my neighbors and neighbors
that is great, what do you do?
i love cake!! i love to bake for my family.
i don't eat meat, but i do eat meat
i am so sorry.
what are you up to?
my dog is named jimmy
i am doing ok. how about you?
that is good. i have to stay in shape.
i've a cup at starbucks, it is hot coffee!
that sounds delicious. i love chocolate cake
that would be great, i would like to buy one from you.
great! you can bring the first batch of girls here.
i'm going to make a cake for my favorite person
i guess so. i'm not sure, but i don't smell like the other stuff.
well that's cool.
i met him at the park near my house
oh that is cool. i'm a swimmer myself
i've never been to a single life
no, but i have been surfing since i was young. i love to surf
i'm doing good. how are you?
not much just sitting here with my thoughts.
that's great. i'm watching the game tonight, i'm watching football right now
i am too busy with my job
that's a good thing, i hope they are happy.
yes i am a legal clerk
i like to play football and play football. i am a linebacker for the nfl
i don't know what to do. i'm still in high school.
i like to watch movies. what about you?
i've never seen a football before. i think i would rather paint a football field
i do enjoy painting, i love painting.
i'm great! i just got done working on my new project. how are you?
my grandson is a few months old. how is he?
oh my gosh, where did you go?
do you have kids?
what do you do for a living?
yes, i work at a lot of schools in the school district.
what do you do for a living?
that is awesome! i'm an antique refurbisher
i am an architect for the city i am building
i'm katy perry. how are you doing today?
i'm a big fan of katy perry.
a car that is really fast!
i'm a toyota camry driver
i am a freelance photographer. i'm a journalist.
i'm a legal asst.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm in a retail store
i'm from colorado, how about you?
san fran, ny. i'm not familiar with that area. what is your favorite restaurant?
pretty good. how are you doing?
it is. i'm so excited to go to college, i'm a sophomore!
wow, congrats! i've been so busy working on my thesis
science is science....
what do you do for a living?
i'm a nurse. i'm a nurse for the hospital.
what are you doing?
yeah, i want to go to the dorm soon, i'm hoping to get in.
its okay. you'll see.
hi! i am good. i just finished working on some books.
i love pasta. its my favorite.
she makes a good pasta dish, as long as you eat it.
i love coffee too!
yes i'm a truck driver. what do you do?
i am not, i am working from home right now, working from home.
i am at the hotel in new york city.
i paint houses too. do you have any pets?
i don't paint, i paint houses. i'm a painter
that's true. i've to do it. it is hard work but i will do
yeah but people don't like it
i work for the company that owns a lot of shares in a company called the company.
i am a truck driver. i like to have the truck that i drive.
hi tom! i am dale. i'm a vet
what kind of dog is he? i've a yorkie.
i'm from north asia. i love italian food.
she is my only sister.
i like pizza too. pizza is yummy
paris is where i'm going to go
i understand that. but i'm also trying to get a good amount of cash.
i grew up in san francisco, i love the beach and the beach.
how cool is that?
that is a pretty big dog.
i don't know. i don't like pizza.
wow. i'm not sure what that means. i'm not sure what i am going
i am not good at veganism. i love veganism
i'm good how are you
i'm a college student, studying for a test tomorrow
that is awesome! i'm also a professional beauty guru.
i love video games too, i have been playing them for many years.
yes i do. i am a teacher.
i love rock music and i like to listen to music
yes i have a dog and a cat. how about you?
i have a cat named lil uzi vert vert.
i've two cats. they're so adorable. i love cats!
hello, i like photography.
i'm the same way, i like to do a lot of photography.
i don't have much money. i spend a lot of money on hobbies
i love to dye my hair! what color is it?
i'm a professional musician
that is cool! what do you do for a living?
i don't. i'm up early so i'm up early too!
i hate mornings. i just want to get out of here!
it does, but it is not raining in my area.
my dad was from michigan. i was born in michigan and moved here.
candles? candles are my favorite
i'm having pancakes with my pancakes, what are you having?
pancakes sound like a lot of fun.
you can hike with me. i am a hiker and i like to hike with my friends
what do you do for a living?
i like to go to the gym
i bet they do! do you have any hobbies?
i don't like to travel much, but i like to go to the mountains
wow, i have been to a lot of places. i've never been to a place like
where are you from originally?
i would like to visit again sometime.
oh, i love pancakes, but i don't like to eat them.
i am doing great and you?
hello, how are you today
i like to go for long walks and just walk around
i watch nascar on sundays and sundays
i love to listen to the neighbors argue.
yes, i'm sure that is what it is like
you are a good listener, so i am listening to you
i'm gonna grab some mac and cheese and some fries.
i need a dog, my dog is the best of all of them
that's great. i like the 8th grade.
i need to shave my face. my mother does makeup.
good just got back from the beach
i am well. just got back from walking my dog.
my favorite food is pepperoni pizza
i love pizza! i'm not a huge fan of the pizza.
yeah i think it is. i'm hoping to move to texas and get married
do you like to exercise?
yes, but i am a cold blooded killer, i'm not a fan of tea.
yes, i love tea, and coffee is my favorite,
i drink it every night, so i can stay awake at night
yeah, i can understand that. i am 21 and it is my favorite thing.
yes, i work for a law firm.
what are you studying?
i love teaching but i'm also a teacher in elementary school.
what is your favorite thing to eat?
i am a little sad. i'm still angry with you for being so mean to me.
he is always trying to beat me.
i know what you mean. i am a hard working guy.
that is ok. my mother will not know. what do you do?
she might. i like her, so i hope she does not know.
he wo not. tell him.
well, i don't have any friends, so i am really sad
oh, i love hiding in my room
i hope so too. i'm sorry.
well you'll have to try.
i am good. just chilling in my room. how are you?
i'm pretty good, i'm going to work on computer programming.
yes, i've read about them
yes. that's why i've a lot of fun things to tell you.
you are also a genius and a genius
i am a computer programmer. i'm studying computer programming.
i am sorry to hear that. i live on a farm so i am not used to people living
yes, i have a lot of money, but i want to own my own business one day
yes, i've a house with a big family
i live in texas, i'm a teacher. i am in school for computer engineering.
i live in florida, how about you?
i am good. how are you?
i am doing alright how about you
i am sorry for that. i don't have any hobbies
my favorite color is purple
what do you do for fun?
i'm sure you do. you have a lot of kids.
i like grey too.
oh wow, that is awesome!
haha. i'm so glad you like oranges
i am good. how about yourself?
how are you doing today?
what do you do for a living?
i just took a drive with my wife, it was a pleasure.
my wife and i love to drive and be in the city.
i love to eat and travel. i love to travel to europe.
that's cool. i have to be careful not to get stuck.
i'm so sorry about your son. i don't have any kids.
i've a little sister. she's my age.
i'm ok. i'm just an old guy with a son.
what do you like to do?
i am going to watch some tv. what do you like to do?
i can not hear it gives me anxiety
it is going great how are you?
oh, i am sorry. i am having a dry spell.
i have a lot of them at home and i'm not afraid of them.
i've never had a horse!
yes, i love racing and i also race on more than one, i'm not sure if
that is cool. i've a degree in horse racing
no, i teach them to race against horses, i teach them to ride.
wow, i made 10, 000 this year alone, i will teach you to bet on bets.
i think so too. but i'm a woman and i'm sure that's illegal
i'm sorry i never said boo.
i hope you don't mind my asking, what do you do?
i guess. my timing is good. i'm a little nervous.
yes, i'm a vegetarian and i like to eat meat
i enjoy cooking, and cooking, and cooking, and cooking. what about you?
i play with my brothers and sisters in the forest a lot.
i am sure it has. it is my job to help people get through the rough times.
i'm sure you would have liked it. i'm not rich. i am from a
i've been there for a while. i was in the marines for a while.
that is cool. i'm a student in college.
i love to read, so i prefer to read.
oh, sorry. i read a lot.
i love pizza
i love to eat food. i love to cook. i love to cook.
i love meat!
how about a new year with spaghetti?
i'm very hungry! i'm still in school.
hello, i am good, how are you doing?
i'm going to see if my neighbor has a horse. i'm going to ride my
lol. you are not amish............ lo
lol. that's good. i am not sure what to think. i think i am
i do, but they are not the best cowboys.
i've no idea, but i am not sure. i've no idea what i am
it is my dog that is the size of a dog
no, my yorkie is named bod. you?
yes. a mutt. i like dogs. what do you like to do for fun?
hi how are you?
sorry to hear that
i like to attend festivals, festivals are great
i have blue eyes too. i'm so young
i'm not sure i can do this. i am in a relationship with someone else.
do you have any hobbies?
i just started working online
i love spring, especially fall, the fall of my new car
i'm sure you are right. i hope you are happy.
what did you do?
i think you should. maybe you could call the police
she's coming for me! i am sure of it
i live in the city of las vegas. i live in vegas. what do you do?
hey! i'm doing alright, just listening to some music. what about you?
i am looking for a decent meal, not much, just a few scraps of bread, and some
i love sushi and sushi is my favorite food
pizza is great, and i love pizza.
pizza is great. do you like pizza?
i love to spend time with my family and hang out with them
i design landscapes and buildings
that is awesome! i go to the mall to dance. what kind of dance do you like?
i'm a teacher and i love dancing to ween music
i like pizza and pizza is my favorite.
no, i love cheese, and i love sushi.
i guess it does. i mean, i have never seen that look before
yes, i love vegetable rolls, and i am a vegetarian.
i am doing good, how are you?
i love red.
cool. i'm a graphic artist. i love to draw.
i can draw a lot of people, but i need to draw a lot of people.
i draw and draw a lot of them
i like purses. i am in a purse, my purse is the purse.
i have a cat that walks on my couch.
i don't watch tv much but i do like to watch sports
hello there! how are you doing?
i'm great, i just got back from walking my dog. how are you?
nice! i am so glad i got to do that.
its not raining. but it is raining outside.
i've a pool too, i've a pool and a pool
i'm jealous of your power!
i do too! it is nice to get out of the cold.
i breed a lot of cats. how many do you have?
what do you do for a living?
i'm a stallion and breed them for show and event
what do you do for fun?
i don't think i am the kind of person who would be pretentious.
just got done talking to my doctor. how are you?
how are you doing today?
that sounds good i need to get out more.
i love pudding,
i am sorry. i was just watching tv.
lol that is terrible. i cant have any diary.
i am sorry, i am sorry to hear that, do you like dairy?
i love honey, but i am not a fan of the cold
i don't work. i'm a nurse.
no i am not allergic. allergies can be a pain.
yes, i'm. i'm a girl.
i like rock, what kind of music you like
i like to listen to psychedelic rock.
i'm good. i am doing well. what are you up to?
i am okay, i am good. just took a break from work
i'm. i'm. i am single. how about you?
my wife is a veterinarian and i'm a nurse.
i've a girl named jane, she's my girl
i don't think we want kids yet.
i'm 35, and you?
i'm in my 30s. i'm 32 years of age.
i am an engineer
that's nice of you. i'm a truck driver.
yeah, i love the beach and the beach is my favorite place
i see all sorts of things on the road. i like to see new places.
i was driving since i was a child. i was the youngest of the twins and was the youngest
hi! i'm doing great, how about yourself?
what do you do for a living?
no thanks. i've a car that i want to buy.
i need a clarinet to listen to the clarinet, that's my favorite instrument
i try to. meditate and meditate a lot.
i sneeze a lot, i've allergies
that is a great idea!
i am not sure yet, i'm not sure. i am scared of heights.
i like music and it is a good place to find a rock band
what do you do for a living?
wow that is impressive!
i won a lot of money. i won my first prize. i got some very expensive items.
that's good. i'm addicted to drugs but they're not really as bad as
i am doing well. how are you doing?
i like matches. i want a house out of matches!
yes, i know that it is dangerous.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
oh no! i am so sorry!
i was the best in my state in my state in my state in my state in my state in
i'm going to go to the park to look for some fruit. i want to try apples
i like to eat ice cream and ice cream. i'm getting really fat
yeah it sure can be
i am in a mood. i was just daydreaming about a river.
i'm good. how are you?
i'm doing ok i am ok
i got them in a car accident
i just turned 17 and i just turned 17
i don't, but i love art. i also like art.
i don't care for science i just like science
science is great, but not as great as science.
i want to be a doctor
i am going to go to the bank and pay for my mortgage. what are you doing?
i want to go to vet school
i do. i'm a big fan of animals.
i am doing well, how are you?
i am fine. i am a good listener.
i love to ride my bike. i love to ride my bike.
i play games with my brothers and sisters. we have a big group of friends.
what do you play? i like to play gold.
i like to play with my dog.
that's great i'm a gun dealer
i work for a law firm. you?
i am a construction worker and construction workers are not allowed to travel.
i am from cali, california. i am from new york city.
i am from california. i'm from california. what do you do for a living?
i'm in cali as well.
oh wow! that's great! do you live in los angeles?
i'm doing good how about you
good morning, how are you today?
yes i have a weekend off from work, what about you?
that sounds good. i need to start shopping for things.
yes, i have got to go to work soon. i am so excited.
nothing much. just got back from working at the hospital.
i make sandwiches for a living, i make sandwiches for the kids.
i love country music as well! i'm a country singer. i love country music as well
i like video games
i'm doing great. how are you?
i'm good thanks for asking
that is very nice of you
i'm so happy that you are happy
i'm a twin brother, i've a twin brother.
i've to go. i'm going to go to work.
i like to play with my friends, i like to go on walks with them.
that sounds like a fun job.
i play the drums in my indie band, what about you?
i love radiohead, i listen to him all the time.
i would love to do that. i would love to go skydiving.
she is my favorite too.
i love cinderella the best
i am a senior in high school and i am a senior in high school
i'm a partner at a law firm. i've a partner at work.
i'm sure you'll do great!
i don't work anymore.
i do dance but i am not very good at it
what?!!?
you can not win! you are a loser! you can not beat me!
i've not played much, i like to play golf
how about you?
i am doing great. just listening to some music
nice, i am looking for a place to relax and relax.
do you cook? i like to cook.
i love it and i love being a good chef
i love cooking. what do you like to do?
you are not even going to school?
my favorite food is food!
i think that we need to expand our horizons a bit, especially in this economy.
i'm not sure what that means but i don't know how to get my taxes up.
i am great. how are you?
i am reading a book about the homeless
well i'm an avid reader
i love to read, i love to read
that is so nice! i have been reading about dogs and horses
oh my. i am allergic to animals. i am allergic to food.
i'm not sure i like animals
me too! i love country music too!!!!!
i'm glad you are not mad
that's good to know. what do you do for work?
hi, i'm doing good. i am eating some veggies right now.
i love to grow my own food. i am really good at it
i can but i can not
i'm sorry to hear that. i was only trying to help
he's a twin. you can bring him here.
i don't think that would be a good idea. i'm too fat to rap.
i want to volunteer there. what do you do for work?
i love animals, especially cats, dogs, and cats.
i'm in a band. i'm in a band with friends
oh wow, that is really unusual, i've a bad voice
i like to play the tambourine but i don't like to play tambour
i play bass in a band. i play drums in a band.
i'm good. i'm doing well. how about you?
what do you do for a living?
i like to hang out with friends
i like drawing landscapes. landscapes are my favorite.
well, i'm not a jack of all trades
i don't know. i was in a diner. i saw you there.
i'm not very sociable either
no, i don't. i've a big family.
i understand that. i hope you have a good day
i am a barbie girl. i am also a barbie girl.
what do you do for a living?
that's cool. i'm nancy, i'm a teacher.
hi fred, my name is linda
i'm an organic farmer. what do you like to do?
well that is good. i love my twin, and our apartment is the same.
yeah, i'm sure. what else do you like?
you sound like a nice person
i'm just taking a break from my dog and my pets.
that sounds like a great plan. i will be there.
yes, the military kps are so cute and cute, they're the best.
i am good, thanks for asking
i am fine and you can take them to the park.
i like to draw and crafts.
wow. i love ferraris, ferraris, ferraris and ferraris!
i like to watch them with my kids. i watch them all the time.
my dad is not a big actor. he was a big actor.
no, but i don't race in my car either.
i like to race away. i have always wanted to race away.
i bet they're. i bet they would be crazy to come out of a club.
hello, i'm doing well. i'm fine. just finished eating some chinese food.
i am good. just got home from the beach. how are you?
oh no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i see family is good for you, i don't.
i hate secrets!
i am not sure what you mean by that.
i'm sorry i never learned to do that.
i know that, i'm sorry to hear that.
no, she does not care for me, but she would not be angry with you.
you are right, i'm not sure if they would, but i'm sure they would
i feel like i'd be disowned if i left my dad
i'm doing good, how are you?
i'm doing good. how about yourself?
i like to relax when i am out of the house. i enjoy working out
nice. i love watching old movies. i like watching movies.
what kind of puzzles do you do?
i like country music. i love country music. do you?
you are right. sam hunts is my favorite.
oh that's great. i am in yoga class.
i don't like yoga. i don't like yoga.
i love them! they are beautiful
cool. i'm not very big on flowers, but i have a big bouquet of roses
yeah i'm from oklahoma. i have been here for a while
no i don't watch tv i don't like sweet home alabama song
where are you from? i'm from chicago. how about you?
i don't think you understand me. i'm not a big game fan.
you should watch the news. i've never heard of scandal
no i've never had that before
that sounds like a lot of fun
wow! i have not seen a bunny since i was a kid
i never saw him. i think i might have seen him a few times.
wow, that's a lot of crocodiles.
i do. i have one as a pet, what about you?
i'm doing ok, just got done with my shift at the diner. how are you?
i'm good. how are you?
i love unpacking, and unpacking
no, but i heard that there was a great new bakery that was opened recently. i am excited
well i am a big reader, and i am not sure about you
i like to write scripts for short films.
that is cool. i like to collect things. i've cats.
i'm a little bit of a nerdy guy.
my iq is high. i'm a high iq
i did. i was a little too.
i've a big family. what about you?
oh no, i am so sorry to hear that.
nope, no kids for me
pizza is good. i like pizza too. i like pizza
hello! how are you doing?
its going to be cold there soon
i hate it, i am so cold.
i'm going to have to go to the city to find a truck
i like the beach. i like the beach.
i know, i'm the one who needs to go shopping
wow, i've seen it all, i'm sure it is not good
what do you do for work?
what is your favorite thing to eat?
i'm a good listener to the music
yum!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm in grade 3 and i hate vegetables
sure.
i love soccer, i've no time for that
oh, i don't play much. i'm more into sports.
i am french, so i speak it fluently.
i have traveled to france as well
how long have you lived here?
i can, i'm french, so i'm french.
i'm just sitting here in my room listening to my music. how about you?
you are invited to my home, i'm invited.
i am cooking a simple dinner, its not my favorite. i'm a vegetarian.
that's so sweet. i have a lot of broccoli in my garden.
i am doing good how are you?
i'm great, just had a nice day
i've one, named jacob. he's a few months old.
that is good. i love those days. i wish i could do that all the time.
i don't really have time for time
oh no, that's terrible. i'm so sorry to hear that.
i am so sorry i feel it is my fault
yeah i am not sure if that's a good idea
what do you do for a living
that is good to hear. you should join my family i've a family of three.
i'm sure you have. i am sure you will have a good family.
my family is the best!
i wish i could be home more. i wish i could be home with my kid.
good how are you doing?
i'm fine and you?
i'm sorry to hear that
it is, i guess. you are right. i'm more introverted.
i love basketball too much for basketball
i hate it. i hate the dust. i hate the dust.
i'm not sure. you are just like me middle aged woman
no, i don't have one. i'm alone with my cat.
that's awesome, i've a horse as well, a very spirited horse
pretty good. just got home from the hospital. you?
doing well. i'm just watching my favorite episode of the twilight zone.
you'll cheer me up. i love cheering people up.
i'm a gentleman, but i'm not sure what you mean by that
i am sure you are. how do you like your job?
no thanks i'm a scotch drinker
well that's unfortunate. i drank a lot of scotch, i am a good person
no. i got a dwi and a dwi.
i'm not sure what you mean by legal problems
i'm sure you would.
that's crazy, i was dancing on a table at a restaurant
hello, i am doing well, how are you?
oh yeah. i'm chet and i watch a lot of tv.
i'm not sure if i'm watching jeopardy. do you watch that?
that sounds like a lot of fun
i like to spend time with my son. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool i like to fish and fish on the weekend
what do you do on your weekend off?
what kind of cars do you have?
that sounds interesting. i'm a student at an art gallery.
i've not tried it yet but i've heard it can be very fun.
i'm sorry to hear that. are you in school?
yeah i do too. i get claustrophobic too. i feel claustrophobic sometimes
i was afraid of the dark, but i am more afraid of the dark.
hello! i am great. how are you?
i'm fine. just got back from a long walk with my dogs.
i did see a new band last night
i love kids! i love them so much!
what do you do for a living?
how is your day going?
i wish i had known them, but i did not.
i am! i'm married to a man named jed
i love music and music.
i'm so glad you are doing well.
i'm an accountant. i'm working on my accounting accounting.
i love it. what kind of hiking do you do?
my hiking is fun but i'm not a big hiker, do you like hiking?
yes i like anime
i don't like the color of it, it makes my eyes hurt.
what do you do for a living?
i use reddit for reddit. i'm a reddit expert.
i've not heard of it yet. do you have any hobbies?
what did you sell?
oh ok. i am trying to save money for our class trip.
well, they are paid for with their own money, so i guess that is something.
i need to go, i have to get back to my plane.
it is very nice to be out and about
i do like anime, i love the book the author is also a good reader
i love anime! i really like it
i'm really into anime
i am in college, i'm a college student
i am fine, how about you?
i play football with my friends.
what do you do for a living?
no, i'm just a man. how about you?
yeah, but i am not into sports
yes, i do. i own a pomeranian.
yes i like hip hop as well. i love hip hop
i like to ride bikes, you?
he is a little older than me. he's a big guy. i'm a vet
that's great. i've a beard too.
i'm good how are you
i am a lawyer and i am a very good lawyer.
that's good to know! do you do graphic design?
hi how are you doing today?
i am from the united states. i'm from the midwest.
i live in baltimore. how about you?
do you have any hobbies?
i love the stars too.
not really, i am a big fan of books.
that would be awesome, i'm a big car enthusiast
no, i don't. i've no pets.
hi nancy. i am good. how are you?
i'm doing great and you?
that is great i just got back from practice
i play a lot of instruments, i am a singer
oh nice. i'm in a band. i play drums.
i bet. i like to go out with friends
i've a dog and a cat. my daughter is 2 years old
i like to take my dogs for walks
my moped is a moped, so i guess i'm all about exploring
yes, it is tuesday, it is tuesday.
i like to cook tacos, i love tacos
what do you do for work?
what are your plans for the weekend?
i'm not sure what that means. i don't know much about football.
i like country music and football as well. i like football
that is good. i am glad she did. i love clean houses.
thanks i will.
i don't have any family either, but i have a dad
i am good and you?
i'm a lawyer. you?
not really, i am still at school
i like art, i love the surf
cool! do you live near ny city?
i'd love to be there
no, i am still in the cold. i have a cold feeling.
i like to eat anything. what about you?
i am not vegan, but i like tofu burgers
i'd not mind some of that meat
i don't eat lobster. i don't eat lobster. i love lobster.
that's awesome. i'm a high school student, i have a favorite sport.
it is a name i adopted from the us
that's cool. i've a dog named charlie.
i am sure it is. do you have any pets?
yes, i play alot of games online
i love outdoor activities. i also like outdoor activities
i have a lot of movies on my computer. i like star wars movies
i'm not into science fiction either
oh no! are you working? i just got off shift.
hi. how are you doing today?
hi mike, how are you today?
i do love soccer! i like to play with my friends. do you play sports?
it is a great sport. what is your favorite color?
i'm cayden. do you play any sports?
i've a lot of height so i can see the world.
i am seven years old
yes, i am in first grade. are you?
me too, but i can not do gifted classes.
wow! that is cool. i got a stuffed dog when i was in surgery.
i think so. i am fine. i'm just fine
i had a knee injury but i'm fine now
i am! i am also a college student. what do you do for work?
good luck with that! i'm a pilot for a flying company.
that is great. i speak japanese and japanese, and i speak many languages
you have a nomad and nomad in your life?
i don't have a knife, i just stick it in my belt
what do you do for a living?
do you know how to fight?
i work in a company.
i was an actor before i was a singer
i love traveling, i'm going to europe soon
it is near california, in nevada.
i live in a big city.
i'm sorry to hear that.
i'm so sorry. i am so sorry.
i am good, how are you doing?
i'm doing great thanks. how are you?
it is a lovely day here in new york, what do you do for a living?
i like to play with my toys
i am a fisherman, i go to the beach a lot
do you like to read?
i am.
i am a nurse. what do you do?
i'm a legal assistant and a court clerk.
i am a freelance editor for a local paper. i am employed by a local newspaper.
nice things! i'm so rich!
yeah. i am saving money to buy a beach condo.
how is your day going?
i am doing well. i'm just sitting here relaxing with my dog.
hi! i'm wonderful. i am a very good cook.
a small lizard.
i do, i like to hunt deer. i also love deer.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i don't know what that's
bambi is the name of the joker. it is a joker name.
i'm glad you are safe
i don't watch tv either, i am a big fan of movies
i do, my favorite is a lot of music
i like to play outside too. i like to be outside and in the woods.
yes i do. i like to quilt in my spare time.
i am good. just got back from my walk with the boys.
what kind of food do you like?
i broke a bone once
i am sorry to hear that. i'm hoping to play professional basketball
i broke my pinky toe on the way to school
i play the musical harp, the harp is my favorite instrument
i am a student and i study for a test tomorrow.
i like to go out and go to the beach and relax
what are you reading now?
i'm a night owl too and enjoy reading
i love to read and i like to read books
i'm a black fern fan.
the best book of all time
it is going good, just got done with work, how about you?
i've been working hard too. i'm a salesman
i work in a restaurant. how about you?
i work in sales. what do you do?
that's great. i'm studying to become a fashion designer
what do you do for a living?
my dad is a doctor so i'm really excited
how did he teach you?
i shop there, i am just taking my clothes off to get new ones
good, just relaxing and getting ready for bed. how are you?
good! how are you?
how old are you?
stuff like that. i'm usually a big fan of old junk.
oh my gosh! what do you do for a living?
i'm a vet, i'm very busy with my job, i'm a vet
i go with my buddies to get the camp ready for us. what do you do?
do you have any freckles? i'm really not very good at makeup
i'm a redhead, i know the feeling
i like to shop and go to the mall. do you have any hobbies?
what do you do for a living?
you can cook for me then. i love brownies!
i'm a surgeon. what is your profession?
i'm doing okay. just got back from the gym.
i'm good, thanks, i'm good. just got done playing my guitar
i do. i do yoga, but i don't think yoga is my thing.
no, but i love to hike
that is good to know, i go to the pool every week. i love swimming
hi, i am debra. what is your name?
no i don't work. i work in the company.
i work for a band one direction is my favorite
yes i am sorry. i also feel that i am a big person
i'm steve. i am a man with a beard.
i love meeting new friends. do you have any hobbies?
i like to go to the beach and surf. i go to the beach all the time.
wow, how much do you guys make?
wow! i wish i knew her.
you should. you should also be a director.
oh wow! that is a good movie. i like romance movies.
that is great! what do you do for a living?
i hope so, i'm sure you will catch a great one
oh that's great!
i'm sure you are right, i need to be sure that he is the one!
yeah i did. what do you mean by that?
i think you are just being silly. i mean, who doesn't want to marry their
i am getting ready to go out with my friends. you?
well i have been looking at my mom
i am with mine, we live in the same house.
i like to sleep with 8 hours and relax. i'm a night owl so i don't
my parents are from germany.
i just got back from texting my friends at work
no, i am studying to be a doctor.
oh no. i'm sorry to hear that.
i'm good at being a normal person
i'm trying to find something to do on the computer for the computer company. i'm
i like to ride my motorcycle with my motorcycle.
i'm good, how are you?
i am a professional boxer, i work out and train for boxing.
i am great, i love knitting and knitting when i am not knitting
yes, that is great. i'm going to teach you how to do it
what do you do for fun?
i am a teacher. i teach english.
i am sorry, but i am sure it was easier to learn
yes it was and it made me smile
i use it for walking. i also use it for walking.
nice, i am a pirate and my brother is a pirate.
well, he has seen the dinosaurs, but he doesn't know how to use them.
what did you do to become a cyborg?
i love the beatles, especially the beatles. do you like movies?
i'm home with my kids and cooking dinner.
my favorite food is chicken fried steak, and you?
it is nice out here. i am in the country, in the country.
what is your favorite food?
i love the show, it is so cute
i am only 10 and 10 years old.
yes, a son and a daughter.
i work as a receptionist.
i love politics and i feel bad for the politicians.
hi i am todd. how are you?
hi i am mary. how are you doing
i have two dogs and one cat.
wow! that's a lot of money! i'm so happy i could cry
i've a collie. i think i can get it.
yes i do i love to see a movie
i don't know much about music. i am an american.
mexican food is good, mexican food is good. i love mexican food
me too! i am so hungry!
i love mexican food so mexican food is my favorite
i like to travel with my parents to the states.
not much. just hanging out with my friends. you?
yes! i have been singing and singing songs for years! i am also a singer
i like all kinds of music. how about you?
i love them, what do you like?
yes i do, i love to hunt, i hunt for the night,
oh, i read on my free time. do you like to read?
i love to hunt, i love to hunt, and i love to catch food
i love to walk in the sunny days
i'm 18, and i'm a cop.
oh that's so sweet! do you have any hobbies?
i've three kids. i've two kids as well.
i am on my way to the gym.
yes i am excited. i'm also excited about the next day.
i'm. not sure. i have a date.
i'm a mom and a single mom, i have kids to support.
it is, it is time to get to know each other
i have to help them work on their math homework
that is so nice i'm glad you are not too. i'm a teacher.
i like to play with the girls.
they are. but they are not as fun as the sofa you sleep on.
yes, i do.
i would throw it at them, but they would probably be better shots.
i'm not sure. i am not that good.
i am so fat i am so fat i'm trying to find a job
oh yeah? i've apples and apples. what do you do for a living?
yea i will sing it all the way down the street
boston, i am from boston. how about you?
i am from the wonderful city of los angeles, california
i'm a teacher at a school
i've been busy. i'm a secretary for a insurance company
i like to go to the park and play video games
i love crime novels and crime novels
i love magic mike! do you like magic mike?
i see you more often than you see me
that's great, you should get a job at a bank or something.
nope, i've not
i read a lot of books, especially books about angels
i wish i had time to read, i'm always working.
you have any kids?
no, but i'm a doctor at a hospital in utah.
that's nice, i'm a doctor assistant.
i am an accountant and a cashier at a bank.
i just got done washing my hands. do you have any pets?
i don't eat healthy. i eat healthy, healthy foods.
hi, i am good how are you
its very difficult to know. i think that we have a lot in common.
i like country music, and country music is my favorite.
what is your favorite country song?
that is a good thing. i enjoy rap, i like the country
i am sorry. i don't smoke. i'm fine.
i'm not a vegan. i don't eat meat. i have a vegan diet.
what kind of smoking?
he's a cop. i've a dad that works at the local police station.
my dad works at a bank and we get to meet everyday
nice to meet you. do you have any hobbies?
i've kittens and kittens. how about you?
kittens are the best! i've a few of them.
i will make you a pie
that sounds great. i love brownies and pizza!
sure i would. i want to do that. i love to blow up balloons.
i am not sure. i'm not sure. i've no idea what to do.
i agree. if we can make them explode then we will be able to make a new world
i'm so glad to hear that.
i think so. i just got done with work and am ready to go home.
i love to go to the beach. my water balloon fights.
what do you do for a living?
no. i don't. i just read books and read books.
i'm a football player. i love football.
hi! i'm great! you?
i listen to music
i like rap music. i am into country and country.
my favorite band is the saxophone
no, but i like jazz as well. do you play any instruments?
i'm good, you have to be good at something.
what do you do for a living?
oh, i just bought a new bike. i love it!
yeah, they are all pink, but i'm the only one who is really blonde. and
not really. i just enjoy being out in nature
my bike is a bike that i used to ride when i was younger
how is it going?
i take courses at a college
i'm doing well, how about yourself?
i'm good i just got up and came in from going to work. i'm good
that is good, i'm doing some writing too
i am a writer and have written a few novels.
i'm not sure what to say.
i'm retired. retired from writing but i love writing.
i've plenty of time. time to do what?
i don't like volunteer work, i have a lot of volunteer work to do
wow. you must be very young.
hi, how are you? i'm good. i am a dog lover.
yes it is. i love dogs. what do you do for a living?
oh wow. i am a husky.
i've a lot of pets. i've a dog
i'm doing well, how are you?
i'm not doing so good. i'm scared. i've been like this for
i'm good, i just got back from my run.
oh my god. i'm so sorry. i'm sorry to hear that
i don't work, i don't know how to fix things.
i am about to go to kansas. i will be there in a few minutes.
i've. it is hard to find things online online
i've never been here before. i have been to many places.
i am not a fan of people, but i am sure you would enjoy it
i am not sure. do you know?
you are a great jim carrey. i perform for my sons boy scout troop.
i used to have to watch movies all the time!
his movies are my favorite too. he is my favorite character.
hello! i'm doing ok. what do you do for work?
i am doing great, just got back from the gym
not really i just got off work from work
that's good.
i love to shop for things. i like to shop for things
nothing really, just a lot of toys
a poodle, do you have any pets?
oh i see, so you love to cuddle with your dog. what kind of dog do you have
yes i am. i've a lot of kids.
i'm single, i need to get a new job.
i have a big house to sell and i don't have time to do that
i'm a teacher and i am a student. what are you studying?
i'm a forensic scientist. i'm a forensic technician.
that's great! i just finished my masters degree at nyu.
i like the blues and the blues. i also love the blues and the blues.
hi! i love kings of leon.
i'm a runner. i like walking to the park near the park
i don't have time to walk since i am always working.
my friends from ny are coming over for dinner tonight.
what kind of person is that? i have a loner in my life.
i'm doing good and you?
no, i have not. i am good at listening to music
i've not been to the mall in a while. i'm going to the mall.
bruno mars is the best.
that's ok. i like to listen to music
i like to read and take a break from work. what about you?
what kind of work do you do?
i like to run with my dogs and run with my dogs
they are actually a german shepard mix. i named them after my dog.
i like dogs. i have two pitbulls. they're my favorite.
that's awesome. i don't have any pets. i'm allergic to cats.
no, i am not interested in that. i'm into the internet.
yes, i volunteer at the humane society.
you are the best! i am so happy!
i like to spend time with friends, what about you?
that is awesome! i like to shop with my girls.
i like to write and write patterns for my own patterns
me too! i am a fast car!
i am from chicago, ny. i'm from chicago.
that sounds good! i'd love one!
oh. i'm sorry to hear that. where do you live?
i love them, but they're so cold
i'm doing well, just got back from a run. how are you?
i'm good. how are you?
i'm waiting on pizza and pizza!
you are pretty busy.
i love meat, meat is so delicious.
i love music. i listen to it all day.
i like them a lot too. i've a lot of old music albums from the beatles.
that's great. i like to dance to music.
no, i've one sister.
i was with my dog socks for a long time
i know how that is. i'm a little stressed myself
i am doing well. how are you?
i am not good at talking to people i'm a stranger. i'm a stranger
i'll have a nice night with the man i love
i love cooking and eating. i love to cook.
what do you like to cook?
well. i am sorry to hear that.
they passed from a boat to a boat
i hate boats. i hate the cold and cold.
i made some cookies, cookies, and chocolate chip cookies
i have a lot of shopping to do. i love shopping.
i've a friend who loves shopping.
no, i've no kids. i'm only 19 and i have been 21 for 23
yeah, my brothers and sisters are my kids, but i am adopted.
i am great, how about you?
at the gap, i work with people from all over.
where are you from?
i'm an aspiring journalist. i will be an editor.
what are you doing today?
i like to walk along the beach as well
do you have any pets?
you have to do that. it is fun.
that's ok, i have a phobia of heights. i'm scared of heights.
yes i am. i see a lot of pretty scenery. what do you do for a living?
pink and grey are my favorite colors. my favorite shoes are purple and i love them
oh, that is nice. i like to go barefoot on the beach.
i don't wear shoes. i've on my flip flops.
i am doing ok. i'm tired though. i'm not getting out of bed.
you sound like a great dog!
i did not know that, i was training for the marathon.
i like to run. i love to run, i love to run
a puppy. i'm going to get one soon.
i'm not either i'm a dog person.
that is why i'm not good at this.
haha i feel you too, i feel you all the time
i don't want to get my dad upset.
he thinks i am taking advantage of his kindness
that is cool. i'm a little tired of being a teacher
just an office job i guess
i just want to paint for a living.
i am great. how are you?
what do you do for fun?
yeah i've seen it on the news.
i am sure he is. i am sure he's okay.
i'm a dancer, i'm a dancer
hi there, how are you?
its a lot longer than it used to be. it is hard to grow it
ok that's awesome. i've a lot of practice and i can do it.
no, i'm a little bit of a jock
yeah, me and my lizard are watching a movie together
i have a tennis racket in my purse, i want to play tennis
yes. i did. i said it when i was on my knees.
i was not really sure. i was going to go out and eat dinner.
i remember empire, it was a great movie
i don't remember!
i want to be a cop like you.
i'm looking for a job in a retail store.
what do you do for a living?
i didn't go to college. i didn't go to school. i am sorry.
i went to college and now i'm a teacher
nice, my masters degree is in computer programming
yes, he has, he has blessed me. he blessed me also, with my powers.
wow, that's a big coincidence.
he is my best friend and we are going to italy.
i am doing ok, how are you
i'm good. do you like to cook?
i'm not a fan of cats
i do. i like dogs and cats.
i've cats i've three dogs
i like to eat raw meats.
i eat a lot of protein and diet. i'm a vegan too.
i eat a lot of vegan recipes. i'm not sure if i want to eat meat.
i have never traveled, i like travel, traveling to the caribbean.
good for you. i will be traveling more soon. i'm a travel agent
yeah i can understand that
i am always at work
i'm in school, so i don't have any siblings
hi, i'm going to go out with friends.
i am nancy love oreos and i teach yoga
that sounds like fun!
i don't like animals, especially animals. i'm more of a hiker than anything else.
i've a big family and i love to eat
i love bacon and bacon and bacon is my favorite food
that is awesome. my mom taught me how to sew.
what do you like to do?
yes i do. i do. i also like the single life
i want a family, i want a dog
you are a good person. i love dogs.
i'm sorry that you have to be late dog
you don't need to be late for traffic. i am late for traffic because i'm late
i am great, just got back from walking my dog
i'm good. just finished with my weekly reading.
i'm reading a book about the rain. i work in construction and i love it.
i don't know what to think.
i am so sorry. i'm still recovering from my discharge
i moved here in wisconsin
oh no! i'm so sorry. i've been reading about you.
yes it is. what is your favorite food?
you seem like a nice person. i love all of them
i bet you'll be a gigging player!
i like to go out with friends. i love to go out with friends.
how did you get that?
thank you! i'm sure i'll do well!
i'm just hanging out with my friends.
i was at an christian secondary school, all girls, i was there for 3rd grade.
i attend all the girls and i love them
i am sorry to hear that, i'm still in school
do you have any hobbies?
i'm also a young man and i can not help myself.
i'm very special and very special
i like to do the fancy dancing
i like to dance to music.
wow that is great! i am going to be a nurse. i am going to be a nurse
i am.
hi there, how are you doing?
hi, how are you doing today
i'm trying to overcome shyness
i do! i love watching sports
i do, i am not a good singer, but i can sing.
i love video games, and i enjoy gaming
what kind of music do you like?
oh i am sorry.
what did you do? i went to a performance, it was crazy!
i know. i feel like i can not do it. i feel like i'm a chicken
i'm sorry to hear that
i'm, i'm so nervous i feel like i'm going to throw up.
you should. you should. it is a great way to relax.
i'm sorry to hear that. i hope you can
i'm a fool for falling in love with you.
how are you doing today?
hi, i'm mary. i like to drink my morning dew.
how nice i live in the west coast
i do. i love movies and movies. do you like movies?
oh, i have never seen those movies.
that is cool. i've a boyfriend, but he's a chess player.
i'd love to! where do you live?
we go to the movies, and you know there are some awesome movies!
ok i will bring some, i'm sure you will enjoy it
oh wow, i love halloween. i wish i was in the halloween scene.
its great to meet you, i live in portland oregon.
i'm sure it was not.
oh no, that is too bad. i made coffee at starbucks today
i'm good! i'm looking for a job, and you?
i am good at keeping my head down.
no plans tonight but i'm thinking about going out to eat with my friends. you?
i've read a lot of books about vampires
hi! i am amy and i am from california.
i work in an office. i'm an attorney for the county. you?
i'm a teller at a bank. i have a job at a national bank
that's awesome! i am a graphic designer, but i also design graphic design.
i like to create things. i love to build things.
hello. how are you doing today
i work on cars as a manager of a company. i have a big ferrari.
thanks, i have been busy with work.
i try to go every day but i really don't like it.
i love to go fishing, but i don't enjoy it very much
i like sports too, i love sports!
i don't like to watch much tv
i am watching the eagles tonight. do you like basketball?
i bake special cakes and cakes for my husband and i.
yeah i'm a professional chef and i love to cook.
i love going to movies
i really love the movie dr. zhivago
i love acting. do you like the show?
good, just finished breakfast. how are you?
what kind of food do you like?
i am thinking about how much i like to be in a relationship. i am not sure what i
are you open to anything?
i'm just cooking for myself. i like to cook.
i am a big fan of sports, sports are great, i am a big fan of sports
no, i live with my parents. we have a house.
i'm the only one i can talk to.
i am getting married to my boyfriend.
i'm sorry. i hope she is well.
no, she lives with me and my husband. how about you?
i like to go fishing and fishing. how about you?
do you need to eat more healthy foods?
i like knitting. i enjoy knitting.
i've a dog and a dog. what kind of dogs do you have?
no i don't have any tattoos, i do have a tattoo of my dog, he '
i love to ride my bike. i do like to ride.
what is your favorite color?
you should try exercise then
i am not sure i can do that. my bike is out of shape.
i like to watch tv and watch movies
that's okay. i'm too. i love the outdoors.
no, i'm single and childless. do you?
yes i have 3 kids and have 2 boys
good, i'm good and you?
i'm a nurse at the hospital. my day off is hectic.
i have not seen the movies in forever. i'm just waiting for the next one
i am not sure i would want to work with them
i love to eat, what about you?
i'm sure you are very busy.
no. i'm too busy taking care of my mom
how long have you been volunteering?
i love fish! i've been thinking about getting one for my birthday!
i'm in a relationship, i'm in the 10th grade, she's in the
hi, how are you doing today?
no, she's not an audiologist. she's a very good listener
that is a lot of languages. i've to translate.
i'm a viking. what about you?
i'm a viking and i am a warrior
you are a viking? i'm not a viking, i am a viking.
we fear them greatly. we love to shop at goodwill
i'm a viking and i catch them in my viking boat
i'd worry that you would sack our recycling centers.
i am a viking too, i'm a great viking
that is nice, i am a liberal and don't think i'm a liberal.
do you like pillaging? i love it.
i know. i think about going back to work.
that's cool, i would love to but i have to go to work soon
i am looking for a new job. i've a new job
well, i am not sure i've a job right now
hi! i'm from nova scotia, but i am from nova scotia. how are you?
it is a fun movie.
i enjoy climbing too
i bet you have been there twice.
i have a memory so bad it is confusing.
i'm not sure what you mean.
nothing much just talking to some people from the news. i'm not very good at it.
that's good.
i've won a lot of race races, i've a big dream of winning one someday
how is your day going
i don't. i'm more of a lutefisk fan.
hi! i am a student at nyu. i am studying to become a teacher
i'm good. just finished feeding my son. he is so hungry
i love to go to the beach and go fishing
i am getting ready for bed.
quake! quake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that is a good idea. i love watching the game
i live in texas, how about you?
i'm glad you are okay, i'm in new york city right now.
i'm from chicago. what do you do?
what is your favorite dish?
well i like to watch my dogs and eat broccoli
i play video games and walk my dogs.
oh wow! i'm so excited!
i am doing good just got done with work, you?
oh i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for work?
i'm a receptionist for a prestigious law firm. i am a paralegal for the law firm
i'm a mechanic, a mechanic
do you have any hobbies?
i am not really sure. i am more of a music fan. what kind of music do you
that's great. i enjoy helping people
my wife is pretty busy right now, busy with work
what do you do for fun?
i live in the city. i live in the city. i live in the city of denver,
i bet. do you have any pets?
i love netflix. i just got back from a movie show.
hi dave i'm rob from nevada
i wish i could go back to school too.
what do you do for a living?
i'm a tarot reader. i'm a tarot reader, tarot cards are my favorite.
no, i don't, but i go camping. what do you do for a living?
i'm sure you would. i am a karate instructor.
i could not do this. i am not that good at it
i will bring her too.
do you like fish?
what are you up to today?
i have been going to church, but it is very hard
i just got done with my work at the office, so i am a little tired
i am good. how about you?
i am good. i'm doing ok. i'm good hope you are well.
i like to take my dogs for walks in the woods
do you like to walk?
cool. i like to walk. i love to get out and do biking.
pasta, it is my favorite dish. i love pasta
that sounds delicious, i love lasagna.
i could also eat it a lot if i was not in the middle of a job.
i'm not sure what to say.
that is great. i hope you get a good whip cream
i need to learn self control
great, just finished my weekly session with the lab team.
i'm not good at cursive. i'm good at cursive.
i am fine, i'm a lawyer.
i am at my home.
oh, i'm so sorry to hear that. i'm in wisconsin too, i am
it is going to be a nice day outside today!
that's a good thing! i love to ride my bike!
no, i'm from michigan. do you go to a lot of flags?
i have traveled the world. i love texas and texas!
i want to visit iceland and go to the zoo
i would love to visit viking culture, but i'm very shy.
i am doing great, how are you?
i do love to travel, where are you from?
i just finished college. i am in school.
that's a sweet dog. i love him too
what are you up to today
i don't i love to snack between meals
i used to so i am a lot better off now
we have a lot in common. you eat a lot of sweets.
you are right, i'm not. i can not control my emotions.
mine are brown and hair is brown and hair is brown
yes i do i work out a lot
i love running with my dog and my dog. i also enjoy running with my dog
that's awesome. i go to the gym every day.
i'm good and you?
i am good thanks. what are you up to?
i like to go to the park in the park and enjoy nature
i love fishing. i love to fish.
what dolls do you play with?
she's a good girl and will be a good wife
i love kids
i have a job in an office. what do you do?
i work at the school of art, and i'm a student, so i'm good
she's so old now, she is still young.
i do. we do.
i like sewing, sewing is fun! what do you like to do?
i find happiness in many things
i don't have any pets, i don't have time for pets
that's good. i've a cat and a kitty.
i prefer alone time with my thoughts
i am sorry to hear that. i'm glad to hear you are happy.
no, but i do have a job at a cafe. i work in a cafe.
i work from my home. i edit books and edit books. i love to edit books.
well, i don't think i'm smart.
i am depressed because i'm too depressed to do anything for myself.
i'm sorry to hear that
she was never here
sure! i'd love to have a chat with someone who's in the military
i am in texas. i'm in texas.
hi there! i am good. how are you?
yeah, i am so bad i've bad grades
no i am not. i am an evil villain.
i am sorry, i am also the physical manifestation of depression and despair.
yeah i am a cool dude and i'm a cool dude
i'm not sure i'm a fun person. what about you?
i am watching the news.
yes, i'm. i am also a homosexual. i'm a lesbian.
i am from new york city. i'm from houston, ny
hello! i'm from new york. how are you?
yes, i have a pug
i'm never home, i'm always at the park
i'm alone most of the time.
i have two black leather jackets. the other is black.
yes, i am, i'm a night owl like you.
i am also very athletic.
i am a graduate student, not a student
i'm not a fan of guns and roses, i like the band.
i'd love to see a little shop more, what do you do?
i have been to a few.
yeah. i am not sure i can stand any type of food.
i am great and how are you today?
i'm good. i just got back from the gym.
i'm so busy on my new project that i cannot get enough time to visit my favorite
i live in florida florida with my kids.
i will be fine, thank you. i hope you are well.
well, i can see how that would be difficult
why? did you cancel your last one?
i love to drive my new suburban around the city.
yes it did. its still very bad.
i'm a student studying to be a doctor
i work in a casino, but i'm not sure what that's
how many? i am the only person in the world who has a book club
how are you doing today?
good, just got home from work. i'm tired. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. i'm glad that you are ok.
no, i don't. i am a single parent.
i am fine. i am going to be ok. just got back from the hospital
my cats are sweet, they're probably watching the news with me
what do you do for a living?
i don't think i'm going to be able to do this anymore. i am so
i hope that you have a nice one
i work for a company called the company called the company
what kind of job?
yeah, i work at a retail store, what do you do?
i cannot ride my bike.
i'd rather not, i prefer to travel
just relaxing, reading some books.
that's awesome. i was working as a manager of a theater
i'm a musician. what about you?
that's very funny. i have never been to a comedy show.
no i am not tired. just got back from a jog
yeah i am tired and i am a little tired of all the noise
that would be a great idea. how about if i did?
i'm a senior in high school
i don't, but i like comedy, it is the best
i am not good at it. i am not good at it.
i'd love to hear a secret.
i am doing well, just got home from my home
great! i just got back from the beach. i'm so excited about the wedding!
i'm not sure what i am going to do next. i'm still getting ready to
i am taking a class in literature. what are you studying?
what do you do for a living?
i'm in nursing school right now and you?
i'm a nurse. i'm also a nurse
ok that's good. you are a doctor?
i'll, i'm sure. do you have any hobbies?
i like to read and i like to read a lot. what about you?
i love acting at the local theater. the theater is a great place to meet new people
i'm not a fan of the fight
i'm so jealous. i feel like i am missing something that i've.
i am doing well. i am sitting here relaxing with my dogs.
i am good, i am good. i'm good at playing with my kids.
i'm just relaxing by the pool.
i've a cheetah and a cheetah
i love the panda, i just got him a new collar.
wow that's great. i like running.
wow that's a lot of eggs for breakfast
meat eaters are great! you should try it
wow. what kind of vegetables do you grow?
i am well and yourself?
nice! i am on my swing set with my dolls.
i am 32, you?
that is a lot of dolls to carry around
wow, that's interesting. i just bought my new car.
that is great. my daddy will always be home with me.
yes, i love to dance. i've 4, i am the youngest
i love to sleep in my princess bed. i'm a little girl.
i am not a princess, but i do like dancing, i'm very good at it.
what is your secret to?
maybe she will? i'm sure she would. maybe she would tell you about it.
that is great, do you like to travel?
i'm sorry i'm not listening to your advice, i am listening to you.
i'm well, just looking for a place to stay. i'm getting ready to go
no, i am not. i'm a night person.
you have a viking lifestyle?
what is your favorite viking lifestyle?
i'm tough and fearless. i'm fearless!
oh i see, i have a passion for cars, i drive a ferrari.
i like fishing and fine dining
i'm not crazy.
i live in alaska, in alaska, in alaska!
i live in canada so i don't get cold much
i have no idea, what is your favorite food?
yea, i've not moved anywhere yet. i'm still looking.
no, but i do have a son and daughter. what about you?
i'm having tacos with my friends. you?
i am not sure either.
wow, that is quite a coincidence!
yes, i am very tired of school. i am a senior and i am working on her weight
i'm working at my family food truck as a cashier. i work at a family food truck
yes, it is, i love helping family.
i love to spend money on new things like furniture.
i am in alabama. how about you?
hello, how are you doing today?
we did not but we will be ok
what do you mean by that?
i've a plan to give my hair to a salon. i'm planning on giving it
wow that is crazy. i am so sorry.
i am great. how about yourself?
i'm doing great. i'm listening to some jazz.
yes, i like music.
i like to go to the movies.
yes it is!! i love to watch circus music.
what do you like to do for fun?
i grew up in it
yes, it is. do you like to travel?
do you have any siblings?
i've a son and daughter.
i've a dog, he's my best friend.
i'm doing great. how are you?
i like to read and to write, what about you?
i'm pretty excited about my new tattoo
you would be famous, you are very famous
i don't but i work in a sports bar. i work as a bartender at a bar
how long have you been hanging out with them?
at home, in my home office.
i love to go to the beach, and i also like to surf
i am not sure what i do. i just need to get out of the house.
i work for a computer company. i like it.
i like to read, i love books!
i am a waitress at a grocery store
wow that's interesting, i am retired.
i like to cook. i love cooking.
i've long blonde hair and a brown and green colored eyes
oh my, i look good. i also have blonde hair
i love to play basketball, playing basketball and basketball are my passions.
i like to dress up for other people but dressing up for others is the opposite.
that's too bad. i am looking for a new job.
i've been shot in the head twice now. my last one was a guy named thomas.
that would be amazing!
i did not. i was fired because i got fired for something i did not do.
i am so sorry. what happened?
i need to buy groceries for my boss, my boss is a man of the night
i am good, just got back from my run. just got home from work.
i'm great. i just got done practicing my bass.
about 20 minutes. i love music.
hi!!! i'm a singer. what do you do for a living?
how is that going for you?
i don't have time for that. i work out too much.
well i'm glad you are happy!
i enjoy fishing too. i'm a fish fan
i love fish!
what do you do for a living?
i love fish.
i love fish and the burgers. i love the burger
i'm starving. i just got done grilling some steaks
i do. i've a dog and a cat.
oh my i'm so jealous!
what kind of dogs do you have?
i like to ride my bike when i take my family camping.
what do you do for a living?
you should travel more than just travel.
i like to bake, too, especially with my kids.
i like him, he is my favorite singer
no, i don't, i'm sorry.
you are a cook. i love to cook.
do you like seafood? i love seafood.
no i don't. do you?
he's a big fan of the florida grand canyon
hello how are you today?
i'm bill and i am a lawyer. i've a degree in criminal justice.
i'm good. i'm actually ready to go out for a drink.
good luck!
i like to go to museums, museums are fun, what do you do?
i know you are not gambling, but you are smart. how are you doing today
i am a good swimmer
i love to take walks and walks
that is a great thing to do. i am a super demanding boss
i am a janitor. i am a janitor, i'm a janitor for the college.
i am sure i made the right choice
i am well. just hanging out with my little boy.
i do. he is a good kid. he's a big boy. i'm a
i do too. i love him so much that i want to be with him forever
i am sure she does.
i am not really into girls but i'm into boys.
what do you do for a living?
i do. i'm a professional basketball player and coach.
i don't think so. i don't think i would like to.
i'm not sure. i've never been into music.
yeah, i'm still in school, and i am pretty bummed out about college
i have a feeling that you are not alone, i am alone too
i'm doing ok, just got back from work
i am thinking about going to the shelter.
i have an adopted cat.
well i'm a fan of radiolead
i've a friend in puerto rica, puerto rica is where i am from
i'm a man. i have a wife. i love her.
i am a woman, what about you?
i'm not sure, i am a woman.
i like blues music. i like to listen to blues music.
i am a cop, i'm an officer in a law firm
so what do you do for a living?
i am great. i'm fine. how are you?
i'm watching a movie.
well, i am enjoying a pizza. i just got back from walking my dog.
i don't. do you?
oh i just got done delivering pizzas....!
that is awesome! i've a big wedding for my wedding.
i am thinking of a big wedding. i want to get married in june.
i just proposed to my new boyfriend at christmas last month.
i know, that's why i am so happy.
no, but i have been married for a long time. how about you?
pizza is my love, and pizza is the best!
ha ha, very true. i need to get back to work soon.
that would be awesome!
i am good, just got done doing some work at my dad and mom.
i like to travel. i love to go to museums and museums
my mom is a painter. she is a very talented artist.
i'm sorry. how old are you?
i've no interest in sports, i don't like sports.
what is your favorite instrument?
that's cool. what else do you like to do?
that's good i am a music teacher
what are you going to school for?
what do you do for a living?
they should help you. you have been through a lot, you know.
well, i enjoy watching movies, and you?
i like to hike and surf and surf for hours, how about you?
i love video games too. i love video games
what is your favorite video game?
i love drawing my favorite characters when i have time.
i have been in the game since i was six. what do you do for a living?
i'm a pirate myself, but i also love the color black.
no. but i play the video games. i like to play
i am so sorry to hear that.
i don't know how to read tarot cards
yes i do. what is your favorite thing to do?
i'm good. just sitting here enjoying some time with my husband. how about you?
i'm doing well. i'm good, just tired.
no, i don't. i am happy that i am home. how about you?
i'm going to stay home with my son, the winter is coming.
i don't like the season. i'm too lazy for it.
i like to see the holiday lights. i love the feel of the holidays too.
yes. i like fall the best
that is good. i enjoy spending time with family.
i don't think i would be able to do it. i am too nervous.
i do. i do. what about you?
what is your favorite thing to do?
my dog billie holliday holliday, i named mine billie holliday, my dog billie. my
hello, i am alex. how are you?
i never had kids either, i'm the oldest and i am the only one who's
wow! that is awesome! i've two dogs and one boy.
i'm a parrot fan and i love him
i love to sing, too, but i'm not really good at it
no, but i do play on friday nights.
i'm sure it would be nice to meet people.
that is nice i'm sorry for your pain
i have been there for a while
i will try. what is your favorite hospital?
good, how are you?
i am doing well. just got done with my homework.
what do you do for work?
no. no cows and cows. just a big farm.
i'm sorry to hear that, but i've to go. i have to go.
i own a farm. i've been selling it since i was a kid.
how old are you?
it has been in my family since i was younger
that is cool. i've a farm and family farm.
i'm a professional athlete. i am very athletic
i'm the president of the united states of america
s in jail.
well i bet you had a lot of fun gambling
do you like to travel?
my man tom petty
you are too much! i love him. i am married with kids.
i live in chicago, where do you live?
i don't really know, i hate fl. i love the cold.
i live in ny ny. you?
i want to buy a house with a big yard
yea.... i'm just fine.
i guess i should just take my phone and go home.
not so good. just been in the shower.
good morning how are you?
i was just thinking of geology. i'm going to go geology for a geology
i go to a college of art
i have never been there.
i bet he does, he's a great guy
i'm looking forward to it.
i play sports, i like to play
i'm good at football too. i'm good at it.
i love to watch volleyball
you can play anytime.
i am doing great how are you?
cool! i just finished reading a book i'm reading.
a book about love and hate
i like to read. i love it, read books about stars and stars and the universe
whats it about? i don't know.
my husband is writing a book with the author of the book he is writing.
nice! i like to take yoga classes and go to the gym. i am pretty fit
i do exercise, i like to eat healthy. i also enjoy exercise.
yeah it does i feel better about it
i'm from france, but i've never been.
i live in miami fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl
where are you from? i'm in canada.
i'm from a small town in a small town called healy
what do you do for work?
you should try it. it is very good.
oh no, i am building something for storm shelter
i'm sorry. i've not heard a voice in a while.
i am not sure what to do. what is your name?
i'm, and i'm a bit of a fool. i'm a girl who
i stay at the hospital for chemo treatment
oh no i am sorry to hear that
i will be in a nightmare.
i'm not a big fan of raincoats.
you cant keep up? how is that possible?
i like cake too but i like mystery flavors best.
oh, i can never grow up, i have no idea how to do that.
hello, i'm a little lost. do you have a favorite color?
i've a skunk, how about you?
i would say so. i hope you smell sweet as well.
well, i'm a little bit of a writer, and i write fiction books.
i just got home from work, i am hungry!
i am not sure yet. i'm eating fish and chips. i'm not sure.
no... not a bad chili dog....
yes, i know that i've seen viking meat once. i know it is real.
i've never had norse food, but it sounds good!
i've a degree in italian literature. i'm a graduate student.
oh no, i'm so sorry. i'm so sorry.
hi, i am doing good, how are you?
i live in the country and you?
i love cookies and cookies. do you have a favorite color?
i am doing great and you?
i love ginger snaps!
i like to garden. i am a little bit of a gardener.
i have a class tomorrow
i'm scared of heights.
i work for the irs. i am in charge of a bank. i work from home.
that is awesome! i enjoy gardening. what do you do for work?
oh no you don't
i am doing great. how are you?
what kind of food do you make?
i'm making a salad.
you like to fish?
do you like seafood?
i love fried eggplant. it is the best.
i need a pipe to smoke, i need a pipe to smoke, i'm a smoker
no, i don't have any pets, do you?
well, i'm just about to take care of the dogs, my ex wives are getting ready
i am single to go out with a guy
that's nice, i like to meet people who come to the bar
that is cool. i'm not much of a architect.
he is my best friend.
hello! i am john. i am in college studying to become a farmer
i want to talk about you. i want to know about you.
i don't like duck hunting
i've never been out of florida, i'm going to do it
i am in college
i'm a graduate student at a local college
yes, i have been dating a man for 20 years, what about you?
i have a ocd too. it is making me crazy.
i am sorry to hear that. are you married?
not bad. just hanging out with my friends.
i like to watch the eclipse, i love the color blue
cool! i love travelling man.
i just want to go hiking. i'm in california.
i do, i am a freelance photographer
i'm a barista, but i work right now.
i love animals. i love animals. how about you?
i love to drink tea, but not too much.
they are. my cats are the best. i love them so much
great, how are you?
i have been working on character voice. i do character voice.
what do you do for a living?
i am so sorry to hear that. i love ty for his service.
i am a ranger, and you?
i'm the first kid on sesame street
i love the color yellow. i love the color yellow.
i had a lot of regrets and regrets and regret
what do you do for work?
i'm good. how about you?
i just finished drawing. i love drawing.
what kind of blanket is that?
that's great. i've been trying to get my comic published for a while.
i hope so too... i hope its all going well.
why?
i hope so too, i'm hoping for dye tomorrow.
anything with lots of color. i like to dye my hair red.
i like red hair and blonde hair
yes, that would be lovely.
i don't know what you mean.
wow! five grandsons! do you have any?
thank you! i am so excited!
i'm well, thanks, how are you?
no, but i heard that was an interesting fact.
they did not do what i told them to do
yes, that's where they went. they went on vacation.
yes i have been biking i love biking
that sounds fun. i like to ride my bike.
i love riding my bike
are you a tiger person?
i can make a tigar that is real, but i don't know if i could cook it
i speak german.
i can speak german, but i'm not very good at it
weird is not the right word.
me too. i'm a german shepard
i am doing well and you?
i just finished spending time with my boyfriend.
i hope you will come and catch a fish. i would like to go fishing with you
i love fish! do you have any hobbies?
i'm a secretary for a bank. i'm a manager at a bank.
i'm a freelance editor. i do freelance freelance freelance work.
do you have any hobbies?
cool. i also like metal and metal.
i love my kids, they're the best!
i am good. how are you?
i am doing great and yourself?
i'm not very good at cooking
what do you do for a living?
i love it when i cook and prepare it. what are your hobbies?
i am a chef too. i am also a fair cook.
i'm an accountant. i also have a lot of friends. i am working on getting a
that's cool. i am not good at crafts.
well, i don't really have a job
i live in the midwest. how about you?
a place far away, i've many enemies
i live in a house in the country. a house near the river, i live in the suburbs
what is your favorite food?
no, i've only one brother. i've one brother.
i'm 32 and i'm a boy. what do you do?
i have 6 kids. they're all boys.
i like them, they're so cute
we are all very close.
no, but i do know something about the system of the system of the system of the system of
i don't work. i'm a stay at home mom
i'm pretty excited to be on the internet.
cool. i'm in business
i'm mark, nice to meet you mark
i am a girl who has youtube channel. i play with my friends and have youtube channel.
yes, she's a stay at home mom so i imagine that she's a stay at
that is awesome! i love to work in advertising
that sounds cool, i live in a big house
i've two dogs, the dogs i've rescued from the ocean.
yeah i like strawberries and hate tofu
i like watching youtube videos on youtube.
well, i am just a hobby. i'm a hobby.
i also got a tattoo of my tattoo of my favorite flower
i love it too. i find it hard to believe that i am so important.
that is awesome, i'm a professional athlete
i'm a 9 to 5 person so i'm very happy
i am doing great, just got back from the gym, what do you do?
i've never heard of that.
i am in the middle of my hair now. how about you?
that's cool. i'm more of a mirror person
i like to eat anything that's good
that s not good enough. i'm a pro. i don't play. i also play
i am into lifting weights.
i've not, but i try to eat healthy and i try to eat healthy.
oh okay. i am not on a diet
i'm from new york city.
i've a dog. a german shepard named james. he's a german shepard.
i have a dog, he is a german shepard
how many do you have?
i do, but i've a lot of family that i'm not sure about.
hi albert. my name is fred. how are you?
that's awesome! i'm happy you'd like to meet me.
i'm a lawyer for the city of atlanta, how about you?
i've a huskies name and they're my two huskies.
i have a cat named lola. do you have any pets?
i've some good cake, i've chocolate cake too
i am a vet tech
i love to bake cookies
i don't have a lot of free time to bake. i am too busy baking
i love baking birthday cakes!!!
hi, i'm the owner of my own company.
what do you do for a living?
i'm just lazy. i am a lazy person
i'm a scientist too. i'm a scientist, but i am a scientist.
what do you do for a living?
that is great.
i love cooking for them as well
wow. i can cook you a dinner!
i've no idea how to get a job in a factory
i'm good. just finished eating dinner. you?
i like mushroom ravioli and mushroom ravioli, i'm also a vegetarian.
hey how are you today?
yes it is. i watch it on tv a lot. i like it.
i've never seen a movie.
its a very interesting book about the fictional characters.
anything with action and action, i love to watch movies. what are your favorite movies?
i'm in the zoo! i work with animals!
i am. i have a dog, he is a very loyal companion
i love animals, but i also like to have animals around me
hey, how is your day going?
i'm doing well. how are you?
well that is good, i am trying to find a job, i am really good at it.
a pretty cool job.
i see that is what you want to publish!
how cool! i've been to canada and canada.
they did, but i guess i'm still on the outs with the opposite sex.
you are a lot of fun!
oh that is cool. i bet she is really cool.
i'm a woman who is a woman, i am a woman, i'm a woman
i'm great, how are you?
no, i love animals. do you?
i love animals too
i've two dogs, a cat and a dog
i'm just like you. i'm just like you.
that's nice. i've a big house too.
i am going to wear suspenders too!
i'm 37 years old and you?
i'm sorry about that. i am sorry for the mess you've
hi. how are you doing?
do you do yoga? i like to run to exercise
what do you like to do for fun?
i love cooking
that is okay. i like salad too much.
i am looking for a tall guy that might be interested in my date.
i'm not sure. maybe i should find a job.
i love dogs, they're so cute.
that's great. i've a mini poodle.
how old are they?
i like to think they are. what do you do for a living?
i ate my shoes yesterday.
he just came in from the kitchen. he's so cute!
hello, i'm jack. how are you today?
hello, i am john and i am a cop
nothing much. just got back from a walk with my dog.
i am going to go to the park today.
i can. i can change it into a way to help.
i'm sorry, i don't understand. what happened to you?
i'm fine, i just got home from the hospital.
i babysit for my neighbor. i work for my neighbor, but she does not like my being around
i love reading. i love to read about the characters and their characters.
that is great! i am going to go to the zoo
what is your favorite team?
i'm a freelance photographer. i'm a freelance photographer. i don't like the world
i think you should go to the doctors.
hello. how are you doing today?
i like all kinds of music, especially country. i love all kinds of music
i'm just an old man, i like old music. you?
i am pretty good at running. i am a runner
yes, i'm. i'm 28 years old.
what do you do for a living?
wow, that is a cool car you got there!
i'm a goof, i want to go to college and play with my friends
i'm not sure what to do. i'm unemployed right now. i'm unemployed
i am a cook for a small company. i don't have any hobbies
i'm not sure i am going to be a lawyer, i'm just going to buy
i'm from california, i love to cook and cook. i'm from california, i
i am okay. i'm having a hard time finding a place for my car
i'm doing well. just got back from a hike in the mountains.
i like to listen to music when i am listening to music
i am reading a new book. it is called the american kid.
well, i love playing with my dogs.
i like to draw comics and comics and comics
i dance to the music of the music, my favorite song, is the words of the song.
i've been working on a comic book.
i'm so sorry, i don't have any animals, i just take care of them
yes, it is. what do you do for fun?
i like animals too. i work with animals. i'm a vet.
i am not sure how to get animals. i am a vet.
i have a dog named lassie
i'm just being honest, i'm not sure what to say. i'm not
what breed? i don't know what that is.
i like to play hokey games with my favorite team. what about you?
i have a family too. i have three brothers.
no, i have not, i've not been to dallas tx. i'm going
yes, we are in texas. what do you do for fun?
no, but i'm very close to my best friend, she's from there
i am sorry about that. do you have any siblings?
i went to college for nursing but i majored in nursing.
i'm hoping to get some money soon. i am hoping to make it through the next few
hi arnold i am john and i am a 10 year old
what was it like?
i got a cake to share with my brother and my brother.
a cake of chocolate cake, which is my favorite dessert
i'm not sure i could do that, but i'm pretty sure i'm going
i am so sorry to hear that. i love sweet potato cake, but i'm not very
oh, i'm getting ready to eat some cheese n ham sandwiches.
maybe a few. my favorite is rock and roll
i love the beatles and the beatles, but my favorite band is the beatles
i'm thinking of all american rejects
no. i went to their concert. i don't go often.
great! i am having a great day! you?
great! just finished designing a game for my video game!
i'm glad you are taking it easy
i don't work. i just spend my free time with my family.
i enjoy music and music is my favorite
i like music... i like music that is soft.... like rock.
i like to play the guitar and metal metal instruments.
you like rock music? i love rock music
i'm listening to avenged sevenfold
me too! i'm in a band. i'm in a band!
i like baseball. i'm trying to get into the league.
i live in florida
i live in florida, i live in florida
i love jane austen.
i've never heard of patterson.
i have a boat and it is very big
yes i do i'm not sure but i'm a pretty good sailor
i don't have shoes, i am wearing tennis shoes
i'm very comfortable with my body. i enjoy that.
i think i smell fishy too.
i like to go fishing, but i'm not a big fish person.
i like to fish when i can, i used to be an actress
i am also a swimmer
i play for the tampa bay packers. i like to play with my brothers.
that's cool, i race cars all the time. i like to race cars.
i like to spend time with my dogs.
i have a dog, and i love him, i've a pet carrier.
i love deer and rabbits, and deer are great for hunting.
no, i don't play any games, i like to go to the movies.
i like to listen to music, especially country music
i listen to music all day long. what about you?
i love country music. what do you like to do for fun?
i like alternative rock and movie soundtracks
i'm good, how are you?
i'm great. i'm a great listener
i am doing good. just got done with some blackjack. you?
that's cool, i am working at a real estate office.
yeah. i bet they're awesome.
i love mcdonalds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i just love the food! what do you like to eat?
we go to the same place
oh wow. that is great. i'm an only child. i've 5 brothers.
i think you are a little crazy.
i've never been to an alley
i'm doing well. i'm in colorado. how are you?
hello, i'm in new zealand.
its pretty bad, i don't know.
i love the color red. it is the color of my car.
i like to play with my friends and we go to the park.
do you like to read? i'm a scientist.
i love ice cream. i like to spend time with my friends.
you like the moon landing?
i'm fine. do you have a favorite color?
oh my! you are actually a boy! i am a girl!
i am sure you would not have the balls to do that
i play guitar and i play guitar. do you play any instruments?
i play swimming games too. i'm a swimmer.
i am good, how are you?
i'm doing ok, i just got back from a long hike. what about you?
my favorite is country music, country music is my favorite
yummy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that sounds yummy!
bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon
yes i do.
what kind of snakes do you have?
that sounds fun! i love to dance to music.
good, thank you. i have been working on my thesis.
i went shopping with my friends and we got a new dress.
that's cool i love dogs
good. i'm not too good at anything.
i don't know what you mean, i drank too much and i am sorry
what do you do for a living?
i'm going to do what i do best. i'm going to go back to school
i like designer clothes. i love designing, designing, and designing clothes.
i like to take pictures of the sky and the clouds. what about you?
cool! i love him too! he's so funny!
i'm going to be great. i love to dance to some music
i'm good, how are you?
i am doing great! how are you?
i'm a very good listener.
i am sorry. i don't have a car. i have no clue what i am doing
i'm just an ordinary person.
oh no! that is horrible. do you know who did it?
yes, it is. i have to get out more.
he raised you? how old are you?
oh, i guess so. i was just going to say, i guess i am just going to
i want to share my pecan pie with my friends
that is true. i don't know what to do about this
i'm from a small town in the south. i am from tennessee.
i am not sure. i'm in the midwest, where i live.
houston is a great place to live
i just went to the island, but i did not go. i'm a swimmer.
i am near the city. i am not close to ny yet.
how are you doing today
i don't mind. i'm afraid of heights, but i'm more afraid of heights
i love writing about it, but now i'm in a wheelchair
i love writing. i've been writing for a while
i am just getting ready to go to work, what are you up to?
i work in a dragon factory.
i like to party at parties
i just want to talk to someone. i'm a therapist. i am just a therapist.
i've a mom that is not around anymore
i play dungeons and dragons with my friends
oh, that's interesting. i don't have a party.
dragons are real, they are real
i understand that. i wish i had siblings. i love christmas, and my siblings.
how do you like them?
do you have any siblings?
no, my siblings are not royalty. do you have any siblings?
that is nice i hope you have a great day
i'm good thanks and you?
i'm good, i'm great. how are you?
i like to do everything i can to be good. i love to play sports.
swimming is great! i like to eat and swim.
i love to eat all kinds of food.
i do, i've two girls and two boys
no kids what about you?
i'm not sure i'm a single mom anymore
i am a teller at a bank
i'm not up to much just enjoying the evening. how about you?
what kind of software? i am working on a new software to make it more stable.
lol! do you surf?
i am from florida. how about you?
it is pretty good. it is almost winter here. how about you?
yes, there's. we have a great mexican restaurant.
that's true. what is your favorite kind of pizza?
yes, it is. it is the best. i love lobster.
i love seafood.
i have been in beauty school since i was a baby. how about you?
hi how are you doing today
i am in a internship at google
i love to go to the park and play with my friends. we love playing with my friends.
i'm good. how are you doing
i am sure they're. i am having a good day.
i sell candy when i sell candy
i sell everything i can find in my shop
what do you do for a living?
i go to the park in the park. i'm really good at it
i am passionate about politics, i'm passionate about politics,
i like to bake and bake too.
oh that is really fun, i'm a runner
i've to run on the treadmill to keep my muscles working.
that sounds like fun too!
forever, how about you?
no, i am not married. i am single.
not really, i really like swimming, i swim for fun
i just got a new pair of trunks. how old are they?
yes! i love swimming. i love to go to the beach
i love cookies! do you bake for your cookies?
i am just a normal girl, i love baking cookies and cookies
it is a racer.
the lightning mcqueen is my favorite. that's the one i love.
i like to drive my toyota. i drive it around in the garage
i guess. i just don't have the money for a car
wow that's a lot of laps!
i am 17 and i wish i could drive. i wish i could just drive.
yes i do i'm a scientist and i know all about irc
so you are not a kid?
good. just got home from work. how are you?
i am doing well. i am doing good today.
i love science! i am a scientist.
i am reading a book about how to solve the problems of the world
i love art. i love to draw and draw.
i am a business owner
yes it does. i don't have a lot of free time, but i don't have much
i am sorry, i'm sorry. i am sorry.
i don't really have time for martial arts
oh okay, do you speak any languages?
i'm. i'm a teacher. how about you?
pizza is the best pizza in the world!
you should try it!
that's great i am in the night time. do you like the night air?
i don't read agatha christie books. i like to read books.
charlie is my cat name.
i've a daughter, she's 5 years old
oh, that's very sweet. i am just a little nervous.
i will come with you. i'm ready to be reunited with my family
oh, that's great! i am a painter and love art.
my church is also a beautiful place to be and we have many good artists.
no, i don't. i am a student in college and i am studying for a test
hi how are you doing?
yes. i have. i just got back from a long trip.
i'm in spain now. where do you live?
i've a brother in the us.
i'm a veterinarian and i'm a vet
what kind of business?
not really, i listen to hip hop
i love watching friends and family.
i'm not a vegetarian. i am a vegetarian.
i love meat, i like meat, especially meat
i am an actress, i am good at it. i'm good at acting.
oh my gosh! that's great!
no, i'm not a fan of the whole city.
i don't know where you can find krav maga classes
what is it you do?
i need to go find my husband, he's on his way.
what is your favorite food?
oh, i'm sorry to hear that. i am not a fan of mortal combat.
i love kitanta the best
i just got off work and i'm craving a beer
wow, what kind of rock collection?
i work in fast food, fast food is the best!
i like beans, but i like to cook beans
what do you do for a living?
i'm a big fan of animals, animals are my favorite animals
what kind of krav maga classes do you want to take?
i'm good, just listening to some music. i like to listen to music.
i have never tried. french is my language
i am fluent in english, what languages do you speak?
i am a poet, how about you?
hi jane, how are you?
you should write a book, i love poetry
i'm not rich either. i am just a poor musician.
i am rich so i can sing a poem.
no, i don't write poems.
i play tennis with my friends, i've a lot of friends
i love green. i love the color green. what about you?
i do like jazz, i also like jazz music.
i like jazz and i like jazz
oh, well you just get the shakes. i'm scared of reality.
oh no! what happened to your job?
it is in the midwest. i'm in the midwest.
i am in kansas right now. i'm in kansas, i am in kansas.
yes, i think i'm having a blast, and i've a big bike.
i'm moving down south for work. maybe we could get to know each other.
yes, i had a terrible time. i am so glad i was able to escape
i am doing well, i just got back from walking the dog. how are you?
i'm good how are you?
i'm a nurse so i'm a lot of things.
wow! i am glad to hear that. my mom is an rn.
i'm sure they will. i am hoping for a new husband soon.
i like the rock, country, country, country, country.
that's okay. i love rolling stones....
i think i've seen enough cartoons lately
you have got to be kidding! how can you eat mexican food?
how long have you been mexican food?
i enjoy watching movies on netflix, i love to watch movies.
i am going to the beach. i'm going to the beach tomorrow.
yeah. i do. it is a lot of fun. i am excited for the beach.
i am doing good thanks for asking
i am a student in college
i love music festivals and festivals
oh, i work in the hospital as a nurse. i'm also a nurse.
what do you do for a living?
i am from ohio. what about you?
i live in the west, where i live in kansas, where i live in the south.
great! i'm in grand rapids michigan michigan michigan michigan michigan michigan michigan michigan
that's great, do you like to travel?
good, just taking a break from working. you?
i love salmon.
oh wow that's really cool. i am vegetarian
i live in cali. how about you?
i live in the south carolina area. what do you do for a living?
i bet! i would love to go to canada!
i don't like cold either. cold is for the poor.
i sold my nintendo game to someone in sc
i love reading too. do you have a favorite food?
i like to read and read. you?
i love harry potter books! i'm not a fan of harry potter books though
i guess i am not into that type of thing.
no i've not had any kids yet.
hello i am good how about you
i'm sorry to hear that
my team is a defense team. we have a lot of people we've to work with.
i like to play basketball. i really love bowling
bowling is fun too!
i've a favorite season of the year. and the season is spring
it is my favorite season of the year.
yes, i'm pretty sure they're.
that's cool. i love daisies and lilies.
wow! you are a beautiful eye color!
that's cool, i'm going to wear my blue car today.
i do. i go every month. it is always fun.
it is. i just want to go fishing and get a little fish and fish.
i am great, how about you?
i'm doing ok, and you?
i just got back from the library with my mom.
i'm really into blogs and blogs
i have never been alone.
i love reading about the adventures of the authors.
i am not sure what you mean.
i don't like the science fiction genre either
do you trust people? i do. i trust people, especially people i trust.
i know, i'm a weirdo. i know that i'm a weirdo.
i don't know what to say to that
well, i was hoping to get some time to go to a new place
i'm doing alright, you?
well, i think i'm pretty good at guessing. i'm not very good at it
well i like to read
yeah, i'm in the game.
well, i think you are right. i think you are right.
i was not watching, i was watching the game.
i like rock climbing as well, but i'm not into baseball. i do like rock climbing
you are a gambler?!??????
i am sam. i'm an online bookworm
i dance for a living. i work in a fashion shop.
wow, that's quite impressive, what do you do for a living?
i have watched some good movies since i was young.
i am a walking dead. what about you?
i like horror movies. i love horror movies.
i like classic comedies..... they are my favorite!
i like comedies and comedies.
i am not working right now. i am working with a new friend.
what do you do for a living?
i'm a vegetarian. i am also very fit. i eat healthy.
do you have a favorite food?
i am a natural athlete, i'm the best athlete of my generation
good morning, how are you doing?
they are 8 and 8 year old
i love to bake and bake, how about you?
i like to watch movies and spend time with my boyfriend
no, but i have a very nice daughter.
yes i read when i can
i don't have a retirement home either.
i'm a mom of three children and i love to read.
i do too. i just got my freedom from the life i lived.
i'm from the south and you?
i am on the third page of the bible
my life is over, and i'm still looking.
i am a baker and i love to bake.
great, how are you today?
i love working out, what do you do?
that is good. i'd like to sell my cars.
sure, i'm a runner so i can get into a good deal.
i am a beer guy, and i love to drink.
sounds good to me
i am a basketball player so that is a big game of basketball
what do you do for a living?
no, but i have two young girls. my only child is my son.
i'm in college. i'm in my sophomore year of college.
that's great, i am in a relationship
are you a hockey player?
yes, i'm a woman. i am a woman in my own right.
no i didn't but i know her painting her portrait
cool! i like to skateboard too!
how are you doing today
i love pizza and pizza is my favorite food.
nice i just got back from the restaurant.
i'm looking for a job. what kind of work do you do?
do you want to go to college?
well, i am still a teen and still in school.
i am 33 years old
i am only 18 and i'm a girl
how old are your parents?
i am doing well. how are you?
i like dogs, i'm a veterinarian
what are your hobbies
no, i just watch sports
i like football. i have played on the team once
me too, but i like to rap too
i just got done working out at the gym. i'm getting ready to go to work at
hi, i am bob and i am a college student
for as long as i can remember. how about you?
my husband is a snow man, we will be here all the time
i'm a painter. i like to paint.
pretty good and yourself?
i am just hanging out watching netflix, you?
that's great. i am sure you would love it.
i wish i had more time to get some vegetables.
do you have any kids?
yes it is, i am self sufficient. i am also self sufficient.
that is good to know, i just got back from a shopping trip.
what are you up to today
youtube is my second language.
oh, i love youtube. i'm just browsing through youtube videos.
yes i think it is a lot of money.
that is nice, i'm thinking about teaching you how to read
i can edit anything. i am just a little girl.
i am good, i just got done eating a shrimp and lobster.
i've a little girl and son.
i'm 40. how about you?
what kind of haunted house do you want to do?
yes they did. it was great.
it was great. i love it there so much
i'm not sure i could swim that far.
no i live near the beach.
well, i love to do some things i love to do, like go to the movies and stuff
i don't like archery but i love archery
i'm a jazz guitarist, i'm a very good teacher
hi, how are you?
hey, i'm a bartender, how are you?
that sounds like fun. i'm sure you would enjoy it.
i would like to go camping someday.
i like to go camping with my family every year
i study at the bar every weekend while i study for the bar exam
i hope they're strong enough to deal with a test like that.
i'm in college in the week
yeah. i'm not sure i could do that.
i know a big house, my house is small, and i need a big house to live in
that's nice, i've a big mansion, it is big
i am sure you have a great house. i just have a house and i am sure i '
yes it is.
i'm getting some ice cream right now, that is what i need
yes. i live in a cold city like new york city
i don't have a family anymore. i'm alone. i just swim in the river
married. i have two boys. i am single and have two boys.
i am in a bad space. i'm too much of a sea dweller
yes i do i like to read and love to read
wow. that's fast. i am a runner myself.
that's great. i've seen a lot of crazy stuff in my time,
i'm a fisherman, fishing is great!
what do you do for a living?
i've been reading them since the beginning of time. it is a very fun and enjoyable job
hello, how are you?
i am doing well. just got back from the beach. how are you?
i'm going to go to the movies with my friends.
i'm going to look for shells
i ride my bike to school, where i am from. i have a hard time getting out of
i do, i'm a runner but i'm not very athletic
i've never been out with a guy, what do you do?
i bet it is! i'm hoping to go to a college in california soon.
you can be. i don't like being alone, you are my friend
i'm a doctor
i live alone and i've no family.
no, i teach yoga to people who work at the y. i teach yoga.
yes it does. i work with some yoga masters.
i'm good. how are you?
i'm good. i'm good. i like to go to the gym to help out
what do you do for a living?
no, i am a student
that is a good job. i'm trying to get my bachelors bachelors bachelors bachelors bachelors bachelors bachelors
i do like animals. especially dogs.
that's a good job to do
i like meat. do you eat meat?
i like to go to the park and play with my dogs.
i have two kids and have two kids
what kind of meat do you eat?
you should try meat. i've a huge appetite.
it was a good thing i was there when the army was deployed
i am good. i'm good. just finished reading my book
i like purple and black. do you like to eat?
i have a job
i love the color of the sunset. do you like the sunset?
i like to go out to eat. i like to play sports.
what is your favorite food?
i am really into authors. i also like to get my favorite authors to autograph books
i really like hot dogs
yes i do i love ketchup
i have been thinking about working in the law firm in the future. i am sure you can help
i got the job in a library after school.
i'm sorry about that.
i think so too, my job is going well. i'm a teacher, i teach my
you sound like a nice person.
that's good. i'm just trying to get by.
its going great just got done with work. what about you
i'm doing ok. i'm feeling a little better.
she's acting like my mom
i'm sorry to hear that. are you allergic to anything?
oh, i just finished taking care of my cat.
i'm working late, i'm not sure what to wear.
what are you doing now?
i'm not sure what to do with all my clothes
oh ok, i'm just going to get rid of the clutter,
i have to clean this house. i have no other job.
what do you do for a living?
yes, it is very cold out today, and i'm too tired to go out. i
lol i hate roadies. i'm more of a roadie myself
i'm great! how are you
i'm doing well, how are you?
hello, how are you doing?
i'm also scratching my nose
you are right. i was just thinking about how much i like to cook.
i can not hear either i can not hear.
a bit of fiction and a lot of fiction.
okay, i like to write fiction fiction fiction fiction
i have no idea who that is
well, i'm a veterinarian and i love dogs and cats
you should read it, it is the best!
just got done cleaning my room. what about you?
i am on my way to help out with the storm. i got to go help the storm.
i'm. i'm talking about the hurricane.
i am in denver denver, fl. how about you?
i have friends in the coast, but i live in kansas so i can watch the coverage with my
i know you are, you are a cop. what do you do?
not really, i am usually up all night and i don't like to be up late
i've a cat named lucy. she's a tabby.
lol my cat is lola. what kind of cat do you have?
i am fine thanks for asking
i am going to make some tacos for my dog.
i'm good. just got back from work. you?
good, thanks. just got home from the park
i'm pretty good, how about you?
i am a student and work as a barista
so you work? i work in an office.
i don't work. i just play games
i'm a night owl, i'm an early riser, i like to get up
i work at a hospital. i am a doctor.
i am studying to be a doctor
i'm good, just got back from a walk. i'm a bit tired.
i am. how are you today
i am in an accident and i'm so sorry for your loss
i like to walk to yoga classes
i know how hard it is to be alone
that's why i'm a ballet dancer.
no, i'm not. i'm a good listener.
yeah i have a lot of cats too
i've a cat and 2 dogs
i do! i draw them all the time. i'm a pretty good artist.
yes, i am a lawyer
i don't know, i don't think so. i'm just a kid.
i am good at it, i've to look professional at all times
i am good. i'm good. how are you?
i'm good and you?
i'm watching a lot of tv
i like netflix and watching a little tv. you?
i'm not very good at it either.
i work in the office.
i work for a company, but i am not sure what i do.
i don't have a job either
i'm a waitress at a restaurant, i have a lot of friends, they're all
you like burritos?
i enjoy reading books, i also enjoy reading.
i like to eat healthy foods like meat and vegetables.
i like to go out with friends.
nice. how is your vacation going?
how are you today
i'd be happy to work in the city. i am retired.
you could write about me. i want to be a writer.
i'm a spiritual man, i understand that god and the almighty are the same.
i'm thinking of selling my artwork.
i write about what i write. what do you do?
what do you write?
i travel a lot with my friends.
i don't think i could do that
i'm sorry to hear that. my wife says that i'm deaf.
do you have any hobbies?
that is cool, i like to sing in the choir
i would love to!
my good sir. i am a lawyer
well i am a salesman, and i sell cars.
that's very tall for a guy
i like meat and meat, i just don't like meat.
i love opera. what do you do for a living?
i paint pictures of the opera scene.
i smoke a lot of weed. i'm not into smoke.
i sell cars because i sell cars. i sell cars
i love the bentley. it is a bentley with a car like that
i've a chevy. i've a chevy.
hi how are you today
i am blonde, how is your hair?
i'm not much of a runner, i'm more of a runner.
i like to run with my team. what do you like to do?
no i'm not. i'm just going to eat some of my favorite foods
i'm not a dog person. i eat a lot of meat.
that is true. i eat gluten free, but not meat.
what happened to you?
i'm in sales. i don't work. i'm a clerk.
my dad is a computer programmer and my mom is a computer programmer
i am so sorry.
i am doing good and you?
i'm pretty good at everything. i need a good tlc
i've a bad feeling about this.
what do you do for a living?
how did you do it?
sure, i need a new car!
i'm a good painter
yes, that is true,
i have not, i've never been.
i am afraid of heights too. i'm scared of heights.
my wife and i have been together for a long time
i'm pretty sure i'm a skeleton too
where do you live?
wow, how long have you been baking?
that's cool, you should make a pie for yourself
my garden is just a garden, its not healthy.
that's great, do you have any pets?
i also have a little money. i bought a new phone and am broke.
i've a dodge, i can get you a ride,
i hope you do! i love fresh pie,
i grow all of the yellow yellow flowers in my garden.
i bet you ride around in your car all day
i don't. what do you do for a living?
how far south do you think you are?
i am doing great how about you
what do you do for a living
i like country, country, country, country
i love to listen to music. i am a dancer.
my dad is a teacher at a high school
congratulations! i'm going to be a teacher
i am in first grade.
i teach 4th graders at the moment.
i am the youngest of three siblings, but my brother is the 5th grade
i fell. i fell in love with a woman. she was an amazing artist
i just got my diploma at the high school i'm in now.
that is ok. i am just kidding.
i'm 5 foot 7 and i am a baby. you?
that is tall. tall is my height.
i am 5 three and i'm not very tall
i am fine, i am just working on a project i've been working on for the past
i am doing good. listening to some chainsmokers. you?
cool, do you have any hobbies?
i like to surf and surf
do you gamble a lot?
tennis is my poison.
i am not sure i can eat a lot of shrimp
i travel the caribbean a lot and go to the caribbean a lot
i am from new orleans and i've a fam.
yes, but i'm afraid of them. do you?
oh okay. i'm sure she is.
cool! i am a big movie buff
that is great! i love to hike, do you hike?
i hope so too. i hope he gets me a job in a hotel
that is cool! i like ax carving
i've a little boy, he is adorable. he's 10 years old.
that would be nice. fishing is fun
i'm not sure i could do that.
pancakes and syrup are the best!
i love it, i love the outdoors
i've a lot of trees that i'm cutting down
lol. lol.... lol.... i don't think i
i'm good, just had some dinner. i'm eating dinner with my girlfriend.
i'm fine with vacationing and being around people
we went to the mountains. i've never been. i've been to the mountains,
hi, i'm jim and i am a student of vermont
oh, my. i'm studying to be a lawyer. i am studying to be a lawyer
yes, i love it. what is your favorite food?
i understand that. i've to get to work soon so i can get my day off
i enjoy going to parties and events. what do you do?
i collect scotch and wine for my family.
i'd rather eat my calories
i like to play with my friends. i like to play with my friends and games.
i love to go to other places, like other places, do you travel?
i like the zoo and the zoo. i like to go to the zoo.
i am fine and you?
i can not be a good liar. i have a weakness.
i love history, it is my favorite food
are you having a family?
i am going to get married. i want to be a big family big family.
that is a lot of people. i'm just trying to get to know you
oh. what kind of wedding do you want to have?
that's great.
yes i have two siblings
i hate being middle, i hate being middle
you are not a kid anymore
i'm not sure what i want to be.
that's very sweet.
i'm good. how are you?
i love it too. i love chocolate.
i'm a surgeon.
i work at a small family run restaurant and have a job.
i am here on a flight from cali to cali
its great, but stressful at times. my job is stressful.
it is. i know. i'm sorry.
yes, i do. i have a big family to support.
i'm in atlanta. do you have any hobbies?
i'm good how are you
that's good to hear. i'm in a suit and tie.
i play the piano
i love smooth jazz. i like to listen to it when i am off work.
my dad is great he's a mechanic
i've a lot of contacts in wall street.
i was in a crime team. i was in a couple of murders.
i am. i am currently in nyc
i play the piano. i play piano and play piano and play the piano.
hi, i just got off the phone with my poodle.
i like to eat pizza. i love pizza too!
well, i like to play with my dog, but i've a dog that is a dog
i also think i was confused.
i am doing ok. how about you?
i am great. just watching a movie. you?
reading my bible is my favorite thing to do
i work at a book store, i'm a bookworm
i'm retired and my family is very wealthy
i like to travel. i like to travel around the world
i read the bible a lot, it helps me focus
i write about art museums and art museums. what do you do for a living?
that is interesting i am a software designer
i'd like to publish a book about the world outside of my dream
how are you doing today
hi there, how are you today?
nice to meet you too. i am bobby, nice to meet you.
i am a student at nyu. i am studying to be a doctor.
congrats! i'm a lawyer
i am sorry to hear that. i'm a single man so i don't have time
yes i'm very poor.
that is good. i like to paint, and paint very well.
thanks! i am an expert at making love and being married.
what is your favorite food?
i am doing well how are you
no, i'm just relaxing. how about you?
i'm going to the arcade soon
cool! i'd like to go on a drive.
i listen to linking park when driving.
i like music and country. what do you like best?
well, i'm depressed right now, i just have a lot on my plate.
i like to travel and travel to other countries
i have never been to a new place. i've been to florida.
hi i'm rob
i don't have a major
i'm sorry to hear that. i play basketball and basketball.
my last name is sanchez, lol
oh, i'm sorry to hear that
i'm not sure. i'm sorry. i'm just sitting here and crying.
where are you from?
i am not scared of you. i'm scared of my dad.
you are tall for your age. i've a 6 ft 8 inch frame
i am a doctor
i'm not sure. i don't know what to make of him.
that's good, i am always on the go,
i am kevin and i am a college student. what is your real name?
i am good. how are you doing?
i am just doing my daily daily daily workout.
nice... where are you located?
i was just thinking about my grandpa. he was a war veteran.
no, i am only 10 years old and i'm not very close with my family
no, i don't have any siblings. do you have siblings?
i don't, i don't like sports, but i like sports.
you should try it. its a sport where you get to see a lot of different things
not really. i'm pretty busy at work and i'm usually traveling.
i don't like cold weather, i don't like hot weather.
oh my gosh! i just got back from bora bora bora. i just got back
yes, i go out with my friends and we go out to bars.
oh nice. i am going to have a swim meet later today
i am a vegan but i love bacon and eggs!
i love purple and purple
yes, i have a farm on the east side of my property.
i want to buy a home, just like my family. i want a home.
i sing when i am in a good mood, like when i sing in a good mood
i am a big fan of dogs. i also love dogs.
i rent a condo. it is in a nice neighborhood. you?
that's cool. i'm in my own house
i do. i do in my spare time. i love swimming
i am good, just enjoying the day. how about you?
good. i am doing well. how are you?
i do. i don't. i don't eat meat.
i don't think i will ever get a job. i am too lazy for that.
i'm not sure what to think.
i am a trainer for meat, but i'm also a personal trainer,
i'm not sure what to say
i know i'm not going to stop you.
what is gross is that they're so gross
its good thanks for asking
i'm from the uk. i'm a stay at home mom.
i've a cherry and a girlfriend named cherry
i love grill grilling. i enjoy it so much
no! i've been trying to get the shell to fit in the dishwasher all week
wow! i'm so hungry! i've not had shrimp for a long time.
i do.
that is a great question. do you have a car?
oh wow that's so nice
i love to ski, and you?
nice! i like to go to the club often
i bet! i am sure he would enjoy that.
haha!! i always park the little bugger out in the woods
i am doing well. how are you?
i am good. just got home from work. i'm watching some tv.
what is your favorite thing to eat?
i work at a shop called the red cross
i need a new job, i need a new job
i'm a teacher and teacher
i'm a dancer, and you?
i just got done making a new recipe
i am in the midwest, where are you from?
i'm good thanks for asking
i am good. just sitting here listening to some music. you?
that is nice. i love to drive around in my moped.
i love to take my bike to the gym. i am a mechanic.
oh my! i've long nails too
wow! do you have any other hobbies?
oh my god!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
are you a night owl?
yes, it is my favorite color. i love all colors.
i'm a black belt in karate, i don't have any other hobbies.
what is your favorite color?
i have a cat and a cat.
i have one dog too, how about you?
good. just got home from work
i'm baking a cake.
my hair is blond and my hair is blonde, and i am a blonde. i just dyed it
i understand that. what do you do for a living?
oh my... i hope you are safe
no, but i live in a good place. how about you?
how do you feel about being a new person?
what are you going to do with your new job?
i like to eat food trucks
i know there's meat on those trucks
what is your favorite thing to eat?
i am good, how are you?
i like to play cards with my friends.
i like hanging out with my friends
yes i'm not working right now but i'm trying to figure out what to do.
i am a bit like you. i think you have a lot of friends that are into motorcycles.
yeah i used to eat a lot of meat
that is a good idea. i'd love to do that!
i take my golden retriever to the park a lot!
i know, i'm going to have a cat.
lol. i like to go to the movies with my friends.
what do you mean sick?
yeah, it was, and it was so fun!
oh i'm sorry to hear that. i'm a big fan of the movie.
hi, i'm good thanks for asking.
hi, i'm getting ready for my swim
i don't have a boat, i'm a lone wolf.
i like to go on my own
about two hours away from the cabin. i love it.
i have a cabin with a small boat
i have had 3, but i've only had one
wow, that's a lot of kids
i hope so too!
i am good how are you?
i'm doing good. how are you?
what do you do for a living?
what do you do for a living?
i'm a freelance photographer
i'm doing well, how are you?
oh, ok. i've never heard of that.
ok i guess i need to type faster
i am sure you do, i am sure you do!
i'm sick of pizza and food
i like to try new things too.
hi pete. nice to meet you.
i live in texas and you?
i'm from montgomery. i live in the midwest. i've lived in the midwest for
i'm older than she's, she's in high school, what about you?
what do you do for a living?
that's a shame!
i don't like my job very much
i'm sure you are right
yuck, i hate green beans, but i love green beans.
i love green beans!
yes, a french style style, a french style. the french style is a french style, and
hello. i am doing great. how about yourself?
i am too lazy to clean right now. i just turned my room into a mess
i can not imagine why you do that.
yes, they are... i love movies. i watch them on tv.
cartoons are cartoons that are cartoons like the ones on my tv shows
i'd love to meet some trolls, but they don't eat meat,
i like to read. do you like to read?
i am not a fan of anime. i'm more of a book fan.
i want to be friends
i live in the midwest, where i live in the midwest.
i live in the midwest and i am a citizen. what about you?
hello i am fine how are you?
i love swimming, i just got home from a swim
wow, walmart is not far from here, i'm so tired.
i am looking for a dog to help me find a stray
a very large and very strong dog. he's a big man.
i do. i have a dog named gigi.
do you have any hobbies?
i like to read, but i don't have a job right now.
i'm a huge tv nerd. i love game of thrones.
i just got back from starbucks, what do you do for a living?
i like to order everything i can get.
i don't have a lot of time to collect things. i spend most of my time collecting figurines
i love veggies, i love veggies.
that sounds like a good idea.
i love tacos and tacos
what subway? i don't know. i am going to the subway.
i like the jersey mike subs too.
they do, and they're good at crafts crafts.
hello, i'm from france. how are you?
what do you like to do?
i'm doing well. how are you?
i'm good at fishing, do you fish?
i'm just a fisherman. i love to fish and fish.
i'm from ny, ny
i'm actually a stay at home mom.
i am 65, i'm retired and still in the good old age of 65.
i retired from the army. you?
i am glad to hear that you are happy.
that sounds interesting. i'm more of a computer programmer.
wow! you are a fan of five?
i'm, my oldest boy is my baby.
i'm sorry to hear that.
no, but i'm sure you'll find someone soon. you seem like the kind of
yes, and you?
i am sorry to hear that.
i'm not sure, but i hope you will. i'd like to get a dog
i'm not sure.
what kind of food do you like?
i think i am a vegan and don't eat meat
i don't think i like cats.
i like to sleep a lot, and i'm a good sleeper.
what do you do for a living?
i am great. i'm watching some movies about a guy and a girl
what kind of music do you like?
i am. i have been singing for a while
i enjoy swimming, so i can enjoy the sound of the water.
i don't like video games. but i love video games
do you have any hobbies?
i don't do much. i'm a teacher.
i am in the navy as well.
i am in ny. i live in chicago
i am good. i am good. how are you?
i work in a finance office. i'm also a banker.
oh wow, i love school work, i'm a graduate student at college
oh wow that's a long time. what are you going to school for?
i'm just about to graduate from high school. i'm in college. i am a
i just moved to cali
they're okay with me taking care of my parents
i have a black car. its a nice car
i'm not a fan of football. football is my favorite sport.
i'm trying to save up for my first! i'm trying to save up for my
that's great! i've to get ready for work
sure, what do you have planned for today?
i love kids. my two kids are my life.
i am sorry to hear that, are you married?
tacos are good tacos. what are your hobbies?
i am going to eat them. i am hungry.
i work in a coffee shop. i am a barista for a coffee shop.
i love horses, do you have any?
i see. i'm a technician at a animal clinic.
yeah, i do, i'm a college student. what do you do for fun?
i don't have one, i don't have any friends, i am a loner
where do you live? i live in california.
i am. i'm from dallas, texas. what about you?
i'm so happy. my boots are from there.
i'm doing well. how are you doing?
i love fall too! i love spring so much
i don't. i am just a kid.
yeah, i'm glad you don't have any bad memories.
i read books and watch movies. i love to read.
i'm a fan of hockey, i'm also a fan of hockey, and you?
no pets. i have two dogs.
maybe some fish?
yeah, its fishy to me. i'm a professional surfer. what is fishy about you?
i'm doing well, how about yourself?
i'm good. just getting ready to go out to dinner. how are you?
i'm sorry to hear that. what is going on?
i'm a nurse and i'm also a doctor.
i am a stay at home mom to my child
i can. thank you. i'll be there for you.
i'm excited too. she is coming with me.
oh, that is awesome. i love to draw and paint
i don't have a fab site. i just have my fab site.
i've been busy. i've been working on my toyota.
i'm a little worried about it. i'm nervous about it.
i'm good, how about you?
i am still recovering from the trauma of losing my parents.
i do. i have a lot of friends. you?
nice, i've a lot of friends in high school.
i'm a swimmer and i swim for a living. i swim for a living.
i love to run when i get the chance.
i am a nurse and i'm a nurse
i love to swim. i love to swim, but not big meals.
i like to eat all kinds of food. i love to eat.
i'm just eating a lot of food, i hate it.
i love eating all the food i can find
i love to go to the park and take walks on the beach. what about you?
what kind of animals do you have?
i am well. just finished working on a project. how are you?
wow, i just finished a hike with my dog, my dog
i'm not good at it. i play guitar and i'm pretty good at it.
i am more a nature girl.
i am in college studying to be a drummer in a band.
they are a band. i am the drummer for a band called the band the band the band the
yes, i'm in a relationship. what about you?
oh cool. i just got back from my date
that is great! i'm glad you are happy.
that is so awesome. i love to cook.
what do you do for a living?
garlic bread is good. i like italian food too.
i am a butcher. you?
i am doing good. just got back from a walk in the woods. you?
i'm good. i am doing well. how are you?
it is a long drive to get to work. i need to get some rest.
i like to sleep when i am not sleeping
i wish i could be sleeping but i am always up all night
i like it too. i'm a big fan of the queen anne room.
what is your favorite food?
i know that i prefer that i stay home. i am a bit lonely
oh, i like to go to new places
i like to go to museums and museums. i like museums
that sounds like fun! i'm sure that's a lot of experiences!
i am good thanks for asking
hi there! i am good, just got done making dinner.
i was just doing my job. i was just cleaning up after my dogs
that's crazy. i work as an art teacher.
yes i can smell you! i'm a dog and you?
i am not sure.
what do you do for work?
i am into history, but i'm also into poetry
what do you do for work?
i am a freelance journalist. i have been writing since i was a child.
oh okay i'm not sure i'm ready for that.
i enjoy going to concerts, concerts and concerts. i'm a concert pianist
math is the most important thing in life. math is what i really want to do.
i love pizza, i love pizza, pizza and pizza!
i like popcorn too! do you like movies?
i don't but i love to skateboard. i'm a teacher and i love teaching.
i like movies, especially when my parents were away.
i'm in twelfth grade, but i go to school in 3rd grade.
well that is awesome, my brother and i like superheros
ok, i am a blonde
i like to play video games. i like to play video games.
my fav sweater is purple
i tried it once, but it didn't work
i like to paint. it is the best!
i am good. just waiting for my new job to be finished.
i am great. how about you?
i am not sure i'm ready for that, i'm a little tired
yeah party and all. i'll be there.
yes, i'm in college. i am studying to be a teacher.
i am going to be a doctor
i am a business major, so that's how i'm over it.
that is good. i have not been to the grocery store in ages.
i've to go. i have to go to work. i've to go.
i'm sorry to hear that. i love apples.
i'm employed at the moment at a small museum.
i like rocks, and rocks, and stuff. what do you do for a living?
i'm just a night owl and enjoy pizza and watching movies.
sure, i will be right outside the door.
i love the stones, i love the stones, and its amazing!
i will be there in a couple days, where do you live?
i love to spend money too
that would be great. i love shopping
do you like to travel? i like to travel.
i am 6 feet tall, and you?
maybe you are shallow because you are short?
hi! what is your favorite color?
i don't look funny. i look like a clown.
i love you so much, i love you so much.
i'm doing great and you?
i just got home from my siberian husky. he was a mix of german and german.
i'm sorry to hear that. i wish i had a job.
oh wow. i'm sorry to hear that
i am single. i am married.
hello there, how are you today?
i'm a bowler and professional one. you?
i play my guitar and play my guitar
for as long as i can remember. i've been playing since i was a child.
i am not good at being good at it
that's a long time. i'm not good at bowling.
i like to shop, but not too much fun, i do like shopping. do you have any
that's nice. i love dogs but my first two wives are a little too much.
i'm. i'm married. we have a small dog.
hi there, i'm 5 ft 6 and i am a woman
no i don't run. i'm good at running though
wow that's a lot of flavors
that is awesome. do you have any children?
no i am not married. i'm divorced.
i am in love with my nephews, but they're so young
i'm not very good at cooking. i'm not very good at cooking.
i am looking for a running partner
i'm not sure what you mean by that. i don't run
i also need to get out more. i really need a way to relax
i'm sure he could. what do you do for work?
hi, i'm an aspiring artist, how about you?
my name is molly and i love kids. what is your name?
i am just an ordinary kid. i am a kid who just turned 18.
oh. i am sorry. i'm very old and i have always wanted kids
yes! i love them too!
he is deployed for the next three years. he's overseas
i'm not sure if i am up to it.
no. he's my brother. he is a great guy.
that is awesome. i am still in school.
i am great! how are you doing?
i'm just hanging out with my family and friends
sometimes, but it is not always good. do you have any kids?
i love watching sports, i've been watching them a lot
yes i like basketball! do you play any sports?
i enjoy watching movies. i like watching the movie of the wizard of oz.
i play a lot of video games, and watch movies.
yeah, i like watching it too. i love watching it on tv
anything that is not meat. i'm a vegetarian.
i'm not much of a meat eater
do you like tomatoes? i do, but i don't like tomatoes.
sure what are you up to?
i'm in the midwest
do you have a job?
i've a boyfriend. i am not sure what i want to do with him.
well i need to go out there and look for a job, i'm a freelance journalist
no, i am going to take my son to school. i have to pick him up.
sure, i've a poodle. she is a dog
yes i'm. i'm the only one that has a potty trained
no i don't have a pet, what about you?
great, just got done with work and finished with the kids. you?
i'm going to have to borrow a cow for my barn.
lol i'm a farmer. i am a grading papers for a law firm.
well, i'm from texas, where are you from?
oh cool, i am walking on hot days
i am not good at baking, but i love baking
do you like to listen to music?
roses are my favorite flower, and roses are my favorite flower
i know. i'm sorry. i'm not good at this.
that would be a great idea. i am so tired of being alone.
i do teach you how to hook up cow patties
hello erika, i am good. how are you?
what do you do for a living?
i sell cars for a living. i work at a dealership.
yeah, maybe. i like to sell cars.
lol. i love meat lol
that is awesome! do you like to cook?
i love to play sports, but i'm not very good at them.
i am not very good at running. do you run?
no, i'm more of a runner, i run marathons and watch for an opportunity to
i would paint you.
you could try landscapes.
what kind of painting do you do?
yes i love pizza.
i am doing good and you?
i'm fine, how are you?
i'm not good at driving
allergies can be quite debilitating.
what do you do for a living?
yes, i work for the bank. i'm also a teller at the bank.
i read a lot of books, especially books on reading
i work in a hospital, i stay organized
i'm not a fan of clutter, so i cannot smell it.
no, i am not. do you have any kids?
i'm sorry. i'm sure you'll find someone. i'm only 15
no, i live with my mom. i have a sister and my sister.
hi. how are you doing today?
i'm doing well. i just came back from walking the dog.
great! i am so excited. what do you do for a living?
do you have any hobbies?
thank you. what is your favorite song?
i'm sorry to hear that.
you are welcome to come over and share your meal with me.
that is so cool. do you have any hobbies?
i love cars but not my license!
i'm a freelance photographer for a newspaper. what about you?
i am hungry for fish and fish
its alright. i'm a dental student
i need to go to the gym to stay fit. i need to exercise.
i'm a student at nyu. i have a hard time balance.
hi! i'm doing great! how are you?
i'm good and watching some aliens
they would if they knew they could do that.
no, i'm not a guitar player, but i play drums.
i don't play any instruments, but i play my piano
my mom is my best friend, she's my best friend
i don't like people and music is my thing
i am a lawyer. i am sure there are things you can do that i can do.
i am not big on schedules either, i'm a huge schedule person
i'm so sorry.
i've a pet. he's a stray, he's got a lot of junk
wow! i'm a cat lady. i've a litter box, how many do you
i know. i'm a cat person. i hate them.
i'm just relaxing. i just finished playing basketball.
not really i just like to read, like to watch sports.
nothing much, reading is my favorite thing to do
i am a pretty good reader. i read the memoirs.
yes, i've a big family, i have a big family.
my family is important to me, and i've a small family.
i like to cook. do you like to cook?
i feel the same way. how are you doing?
thanks. i am fine now that my family is safe.
oh my god!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well, i need to be careful, i could have used a car.
i am not so sure that's the best course of action
yes, but my priorities are on the same path as my goals.
i am good. how are you?
do you like to do anything?
yeah it is. i am not sure what to expect
i'm a student at the moment, i'm looking for a job
i've a lot of money and am happy with what i have
wow! that's pretty cool! i have a closet full of clothes!
i sell art.
i paint landscapes, mainly landscapes, but i like to paint landscapes. do you?
i'm not a very good liar. i have been dishonest with them all my life.
no kids. i've been married for 20 years.
i've a job in a federal court
he's 18 but he's a big fan of your son
no, but he did have a birthday. i am only 26, but i'm very pretty
that's good to know
sure, if you don't mind my asking
i will call you! do you have any kids?
thanks for your service, i am busy myself.
what do you do for work?
i'd love to but i don't have a car so i've to walk my
yes it is, i really want to get married one day
i will be there.
yes, i am inviting you, i am looking forward to the concert.
i hate country music. i hate country music
hi. i'm nancy. i am in the military.
i'm a truck driver
i like to ride in big trucks. what about you?
i'm 5 feet 6 inches tall and i'm also very fit
i just got a ford mustang and i'm so excited!
oh wow, do you like to go out in your country?
i don't like country music, i'm a country fan.
i'm a big boot person. i've to wear boots to work.
i am good, and yourself?
i love blondes, i love blonde hair and all blondes
i have blonde hair and pretty blonde hair
i am a blonde and am not sure if i want change
you are right. i just have to change my hair a little.
i'll be there soon. i'm sorry to hear that.
i'm a vegetarian. i love to eat meat.
what is your favorite season of year?
i'm a teacher. i teach in a church.
yeah they're good, they're doing great
i'm a kid who is only 18
i've been married for over 7 years. i'm so happy. i'm so
i hope it goes well, the holidays are coming.
i am good how are you?
good. i'm a little tired. how are you?
i'm a surgeon
that sounds great. what is your favorite thing to cook?
of course.
i love learning new things. what are you up to?
i am born with an unusual genetic condition.
i'm a baker and i'm a baker. i also do volunteer work
nice. i am a dj. i'm also a dj.
that would be very nice
what do you do for a living?
i'm a young man with a passion for the outdoors. i'm about to go to
i am not a very good actor
yes i am. i'm also a salesman.
i've a job, i'm a freelance freelance journalist
i love iced coffee!!!!!
yes i do i love hot dogs
shrimp and lobster are my favorite
shrimp and lobster tea is the best!
yeah, it is. yum!!!!
i like to get drinks at bars and bars, but not too much. i'm just a
i live near lake michigan michigan michigan michigan
i am well. how are you?
i'm doing ok. i just had a rough day.
i am good! i am good at healing the world.
i am not sure. i'm more of a sermon type of person.
i've never seen this before either
yes, she can. she has a wonderful gift.
i think that it can. i'm sorry to hear that
i work in an office. i am a receptionist. i am a receptionist at a bank.
that's cool. i'm a programmer.
you mean?
that is a good thing. i don't want to be rich.
i see. you are a great listener.
i'm a lawyer. what about you?
good. i am fine. how about you?
hello! i am well. just got done working on my book.
i am not, i'm very good at weather photography.
what are you up to?
i'm enjoying the weather. its nice here. i love the warm weather.
i love to play with my dog. what about you?
my favorite show is the godfather.
me too! i love suspense novels.
i love meat. i like meat
i like anything with a healthy amount of meat. i also like meat
i don't really have a favorite kind of food either
hello!
hello, how are you?
i'm not sure. i'm not sure i'm ready to get involved.
that's great, i'm glad to hear that, are you married?
maybe you should pick the wrong guys. i am sure they would be better.
are you sure you want to do this?
i love to play with my toys. do you play with your toys?
i could tell you a secret!
yes i do. i also like sports and have a great sense of humor.
hi how are you today?
i'm not a normal guy
you sound like a nice person. do you like anything?
i am in chicago, chicago, michigan. where are you from?
i am okay. i'm fine, i'm just a little tired.
it is going good. i'm from boston ma.
its not the worst. it is worse in some parts, but it is not the worst.
yeah it is, i think we are going to get to know each other,
she is not, but we don't have much time for her
it is great! i have a new place and i'm taking a break from work.
i've to go work on the funeral home tomorrow
hello! i am cooking dinner for my daughter. how are you?
hi steve, how are you?
i do. i've 3 brothers and sisters. i'm a family person.
what do you do for a living?
hello, i'm a cheerleader and i'm a girl.
i've a passion for passion. i love it.
i'm a student at the moment and working at home.
i'm a scientist by education and i'm a scientist
i love to go to the movies with my family. what about you?
i am an avid fisherman
oh wow i'm so hungry right now. i'm eating fish right now
hi renee tell me a little about yourself
i love ed sheeran, do you?
ballet is my favorite, i've never been.
i do too. i am very lean and i like to eat healthy.
that's cool, i am in the dance class, how about you?
i love comedies especially comedies, i love them so much!
i like ballet, but i would love to go to a ballet studio one day.
i'm very good at poetry and i write poetry
oh wow i've been rehearsing for the show
i'm a health conscious person
oh no, what do you do for a living?
i'm busy with school and work. i don't have time for time.
what are you doing today
i'm great! i'm just relaxing. how are you?
i'm doing great.
my pepsi is in the fridge.
i was a wild child.
i like chocolate chip cookies, but i don't eat them, haha
i like dogs. i love to treat them like my own.
i've never heard of him before. he's a superhero.
oh, i have a cape and red and purple capes.
i'd love to have a ride in a toyota.
i've 3 dogs! i've three!
well i'm afraid of the dark.
i'm not sure what i want to do
i enjoy flying and travelling
i need to get in the mountains to help fight the russians.
what do you do for fun?
no, i just wanted to know if there was a history here. i was just trying to get
what do you do for a living?
i love winter sports. i'm sure you do too.
i wear the same boots and babydoll dress
i am sure you are right. i like to dress to look good.
that is good. you must be pretty good at flirting.
i never had any flying colors. i never had any luck.
i love kurt cobain, he's my idol
no i wasn't. i'm not really a person who likes vintage things.
i love my friends, but my friends are just so mean.
i did not but i do now.
i am a ocd fanatic so i have to be careful
yeah, i'm sorry. i'm just here on vacation.
i'm sorry, i am fine.
well, it is not hard for me. i am in love with someone.
i'm sure you would. i'm just a young man and am a worker.
i guess so. what do you do?
i just got done taking a step back from my childhood, i have never been back to a life
i don't go anywhere but the woods. i love nature.
i love nature, i always have time off from work, and i love nature
it is. i guess its part of my ocd. what is your job?
pretty good. its been hectic, but its not terrible.
that's great, and it was great talking to you.
i'm so sorry to hear that
i am good, just got home from work. how are you?
i'm in texas.
i live on a farm, do you live near the farm?
i am so sorry, my friend. what is going on?
thanks, i love praying to god.
i can. i'm scared of heights.
we are going to have a big family
no i'm not sure what you mean.
i'm about to pop open a vein.
yes. i'm married and have a big family.
i love horses! what kind do you have?
i am great, how are you?
good, i am doing great. just relaxing with my son.
that's good to hear. i am very good at scotch.
i have a beer and wine bottle of my own. what do you do?
what are you studying in college?
i studied for a degree in psychology. i'm a nurse.
i am studying jazz, i study jazz and blues
i've always wanted to try it!
i am a lawyer and i'm a lawyer
i am saving up for a school of art.
that's great. i'm saving for college
i am doing well. how are you?
what do you do for a living?
i am from alabama and you?
i'm not sure if i'm welcome. i'm a journalist, so i '
you are lucky i love mountains and mountains
i love photography of the sunset and sunset
i'm a freelance editor for a newspaper.
i am a lawyer for a legal firm. i'm also a professional in the legal profession.
i work from home
yes, it is, but i have to drive a lot to get there
i was a hired gun in my day
i make boats and planes
i've two kids and i build planes for a living
i'm not too good at that. i'm a night owl so i am pretty good
wow. i've never heard of that.
i'm a professional athlete, i've a good fitness program.
i'm a cat person, i cuddle my cat, she is my fave
i like cats and dogs. i have two dogs. one is a german shepard
i like u2 a lot
i love the mellow tones. they're the best.
i've never had chalk on my hands.
my team lost too. i lost my team but not our team.
its the whole team. we are playing the world cup.
what happened?
i am trying to help her get through this time of year
wow, i am not sure what that means, that is an interesting song.
nice to meet you, i speak spanish.
hello, how are you?
i'm going to be a clown.
i'm a nurse. i love animals.
nice. i am going to be the lead singer in rush.
i like the rush.
that is too bad. i hate to cook and have to eat all the food
i work at a factory as a carpenter.
do you have a job? i'm still in school.
i see them all day
i'm not sure what i see. i see things that are pink.
how long have you been watching the clouds?
hi how are you doing
just listening to micheal jackson.
no, i am not, i don't know anything about you
i like to travel. i like to travel to the moon
i like harry potter. do you read?
that is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
not really, i am a cheerleader, i am a cheerleader for the red team
that is okay. i am so sorry that i made you feel uncomfortable.
i'm not sure what that means.
yeah, i do too. i'm so scared of it.
yes i did
i saw a little bit of that. i'm a real estate agent.
that is great. i am sure they will get along.
i will do that when i've time
i am great! how are you?
i love to play with my friends, i love to play with my friends
i'm playing with friends and watching games on netflix
i'm studying to be a chef
no i am not. i just got into art school. what do you do?
yes, i am a student. how about you?
i work at a grocery store
nothing, but i can do it. i sell things i sell on amazon.
i sell digital software for my digital software
i sell games, i like to play
i have never played a game
i'm still in school
nice, do you sell them?
i'm a vegetarian but i'm not really into meat
i have one in the house.
it is. i like books. i read a lot about them.
i sell them on the weekends after work.
what do you do for work?
well i just bought a new ring. i am not good at crafts
i love to play online games
i am good and you?
i'm a little tired from working at the power plant
i am a freelance photographer. i'm a photographer.
i just got off work at the bank.
what are you studying?
i just finished making spaghetti, i'm going to make spaghetti tonight!
yes i do, what is your favorite food?
i'm going to the beach. what are you doing?
i love to cook for my mom
that's so sad. i've never been to california
do you have any pets?
spaghetti and spaghetti are good. yum! i love spaghetti and meatballs!
i am in cali. i'm from the south. how about you?
i am good thanks for asking
i'm good. just got home from work.
i love life
i am a big fan of the movies you have seen.
that is great i'm just communing with nature.
it is a beautiful day out there, i'm going to try to go hiking this weekend
i work for a real estate company.
i lost my job as a farmhand, but i'm glad i did it
it is ok. i am fine and i don't have any siblings
i am an accountant. i'm a little scared of the future.
that's a good idea. i've never tied anyone down
me too. i wish i could do the same thing.
you can have my brother, we could live together
i am great! i am also a college student. i am studying to be a doctor
yes i do, i love animals
archery is fun! i am sure that you do archery.
i've a lot of horses and hens in my house
cool, i like to ride my motorcycle and i've a few friends
that's a good one. do you like country music?
i love music as well. i like jess greenberg
i like motorcycles and motorcycles. i like to ride them in the fall
that sounds like a lot of fun
i'm good. just listening to jazz. what do you do for a living?
i'm hanging out with friends.
i'm sure it was!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am a dancer. i am a dancer for a living.
what did you win?
i hope to win my lottery one day
i am an rn at a hospital
i like to walk, but it is hard to get used to it
i like to watch my carbs a lot
how long have you been trying to get a cat figurine?
you did what? what happened?
no i have not. i broke it when i was six.
good morning, how are you today?
i see. i'm sorry about that. i have been trying to get a new job.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any jewelry to sell?
no, i did not. i think i found it in a rock.
that is good. i am sad i lost my family
that's good. i'm a skier and i love it.
what kind of dog would not like that?
i know what you mean. i'm afraid of heights.
i am afraid of heights
yes it happens, sometimes. but it is not as bad as i had hoped
yeah it is a lot of fun i love wine
it is. i want to try some wine
i'm good. how about yourself?
no i don't have any pets
i walk 2 miles a night every night
do you have any pets?
not really, i'm in school, what do you do?
you have to try. i love to be able to do this all the time.
hi how are you today
i do. i like to cook for myself.
i'm not in a hurry to go home. i'm in a hurry to go back
i am doing well. just got back from work. how are you?
i am good and you?
i work in an office, but i'm a freelancer
i'm a legal firm, what about you?
i bake baking cakes for a living. i am a baker and bake cakes for a living.
i also enjoy baking. i like to bake cookies and cakes.
i have a brother who's a cop
no i don't, do you?
yeah we are twins
i am not bald. you are bald?
do you like to travel?
i really like watching movies like comedies. i am a big fan of one.
i love cookies. my favorite is cookies.
hello! i'm doing well, how are you?
i am good. i am good, just had a great meal. you?
i just got back from a run and i am feeling pretty good.
i'm looking forward to the weekend.
i have a large convertibles. i love animals.
i'm a vet and i'm a vet
that's too bad. i'm still working at the moment.
i was scared. i had no idea what was happening.
i'm a little jealous, i'm not very social
i've no idea what that's
well, i'm not sure what i want to do. i'm not sure what i
i am good how are you?
i am good. how are you?
do you listen to jazz?
i like ballet, too. i dance.
i'm sorry. i don't know. i am just a little into dolls.
that's awesome. i'm a ballerina.
i do love it. i love the lake!
my family supports me too. my whole family supports me.
i've never had family.
that is a long time.
thank you! i love ballet! i just moved to the city
i enjoy jazz as well
i like to surf and surf the waves
i'm doing great how about you?
that's good. i'm fine. i'm not too good at relaxing.
i have 4 dogs and i love dogs. i have four dogs
that's a good thing. you can do better than that.
well, i work in a physical therapy office
oh no, i'm sorry to hear that.
no kids. i am a single mom with three kids.
i do. i have gone skiing before. it was fun.
i have two kids also and 2 girls.
i think i'm more of a night owl than a night owl.
she is not my wife. she's my wife.
i want a family one day. i want a home.
my youngest is 14 and 14 is 14. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing good and you
hello, i am good. i'm good thanks for asking
i'm a chef. i am a chef.
that is cool, i like cooking.
what do you do for a living?
wow, that's awesome, do you have any hobbies?
i don't like the cold weather. i love the cold weather
no, i work too much. i've to work a lot of hours.
i hope so, i hope it does!
i hope so too. my dad is a bully.
i've a big family. i want to retire soon.
i do. i am a rap artist and rap music.
that's nice i like rap music
i love it when i hear a song.
i love jenny by nothing more than the sound of her voice
i just like to listen to rap music
that's great! do you have any hobbies?
i'm good. i am good, how about you?
oh wow! that's great! i'm a social butterfly and i never went to college
i was scared to be there.
i am shy but i'm also shy. i wish i could be shy
i need a lot of time. i'm trying to get my head around it.
i am doing great! i just finished cooking dinner. how about you?
best for what?
thank you. i just got off work. i am going to the gym to get ready for work
its called the silliest battlestar, which i'm sure you have seen,
i like to think so, i love you.
i am a sales representative for the town of chicago
sure.
my life is an adventure. i love to go to africa, i like the amazon.
i am too. i love you, you are my best friend
he has a big family, but not so big
what is your favorite color?
great just got done working on some repairs to my new car. you?
yes i am. i'm in a wedding dress.
how many kids do you have?
congratulations! congrats!
a girl, but she does not know yet. i am only 18.
i want one so bad. i want to be a big girl one day.
i have never heard of her! do you know her?
i am a student here at my school.
i did.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i play in the league of angels, i coach for the school.
i work at a beer joint
i do, but its not really my thing.
oh wow! i hope to get married soon.
hello, i'm alex and i'm an actor.
hi! i'm an artist
i'm an only child so i don't have time for makeup
i have a black desert web site where i play black desert web games.
i love video games! my favorite is video games.
i love the color purple and purple.
i'm so jealous! i want a corvette!
that's a good color. my favorite color is purple.
do you like race cars?
i like it too, i like to use different types of makeup
what are they like?
what is your favorite car?
no, i just applied makeup to my eyes.
i am well. i'm just sitting here with my dog, a dog named sam.
i am doing ok. how are you?
i am going to the movies with my friends. i'm going to see a movie
i hope you get better grades
i am a computer engineer
wow that's interesting
yes, i am fine, i'm just fine
yes, but we can not use our hands.
i wish i could take them for granted
yeah i'm an avid reader and read books
i agree, i feel like i need fresh air and fresh air, i've not had any
i'm doing good and you
i'm eating some good meal, i'm not hungry.
i'm a medical technician at a hospital.
that's awesome, i work at home
i am sorry, do you like it?
i work for a software company.
i am not into fitness, i enjoy it
i'm. i like to cheer on the cheer squad too.
i like cheering and i like to cheer. what is your favorite food?
i just got back from a walk with my dog.
oh nice! do you have a favorite hobby?
i am doing good. just got back from a long hike with my dogs
i am good. just thinking of ways to get the money to get out of here.
i like mexican food, but it is very expensive, especially with all the expensive food,
what kind of food do you like?
i love seafood but i prefer the shrimp. i hate seafood
oh. i'm very strong. i have some strength in my legs.
i'm not mexican, but i like mexican food
i'm in my 80s
i can lift a truck but it is hard for me to lift it. i have been lifting trucks
i am great and you?
that's nice. do you play any sports?
i hope so. i am going to be a doctor in a few days
how long have you been injured?
how long have you owned a horse?
i've 3 dogs and 3 dogs
i live in the country, and we have lots of birds.
well, i was actually on my way to the zoo.
lol. i've a lot of birds. a lot of birds.
i'm so sorry to hear that. do you have family?
my husband is deployed in the us
i've been to a lot of bingo games. it is fun.
i just got back from working as a chef.
hey stranger, i am doing okay. how are you?
i'm fine. just got back from a run.
i'm sorry. i'm trying to lose weight too.
yeah, i am sure they are. i like to think of diets as lifestyle changes.
i love the lifestyle lifestyle, and the lifestyle i want to go to
nothing really. i am a professional professional athlete. i love sports.
i love animals and fostering. i'm a big animal lover.
i'm a activist for the us, i have a job as a leader of a new
yes, we need more people like you
i'm good and you
oh that's great. i'm practicing my new martial arts moves
i'm practicing for my senior year of college. i'm going to graduate with a degree
i have a guitar. i played guitar when i was younger. i am not good at it.
i work as a freelance photographer. i work for the public.
that is cool, i work at mcdonalds
i will give you free burgers, how about you?
i love to eat.
yeah i am pretty tired, my muscles are aching, i need to sleep 7 hours!
no. it is an acquired taste.
what do you like to eat?
yes, but i am looking forward to starting over.
that sounds like a good idea. i like to eat my meals raw
hi, i am good. how are you?
i love swimming, i don't have time to go to school,
i like the casino and the casinos so much
that's nice. i wish i had time to see him more often
i am a financial analyst for a brewery.
what kind of degree do you want to be?
i am a nurse, i work in a hospital
i like purple, i love the color purple
i'm getting ready to go out with my husband
wow i'm so sorry about that. do you have kids?
oh, i like to drink, but i am not into beer.
i'm doing ok. how about you?
i love to watch the sunset. i love it so much that i don't have to see it
you should move to miami and cheer on the fins!
she's not baking at all. she's baking bread.
that is not very nice. i'm not a fan of bread.
you can walk to the park and walk to the park. i can walk with you
i'm so hungry! i just ate so much pizza!
that's good. i have a new car.
a chevy tahoe. i drive a chevy. i've a sweet tooth.
i'm in school. what about you?
i'm a teacher as well as a mother.
i'm a dj. i am blind.
yes, i've a garden and garden
oh, i'm sorry. i'm a cane man.
sure. what kind of dog do you have?
i'm a man of many talents, i'm a man of many talents
no, i don't live near the city. i live in the city
i live in california, in california, where i live now. i'm in california, california
where are you from?
i live in cali, but i live in the united states. i live in the us
i have been doing well how about you?
i'm not sure i could play guitar
i'm a girl and i'm a girl
that's great, i am a welding artist
that's cool, i'm deaf
oh, that is nice. i'm sorry to hear that
yeah, i've not told them, i am very afraid of them.
i love meat. i am not going to tell them that.
i don't know what that means
i am doing well and you
i am great! how are you?
i like to do my own thing. i like to surf and surf on my spare time.
i am a guy and i don't like any of the others
yes, i find that fun. what do you do for a living?
oh, that is great. do you have any kids?
you must be a fun person
i've a dog, he is so sweet!
yes, i love kids.
i enjoy doing my homework and being a student.
i like to decorate my new home in california
i'm hoping that i can be a model for a cosmetics company.
yes! i love it! what do you do for a living?
good. just got back from a walk.
i love cats so much i am sure they're so much fun to spend time with
that's awesome! i've not had a chance to go to school yet
i'm not sure. i'm more of a country person.
no i don't have any siblings. do you have any?
wow! that's a lot of siblings!
i'm the youngest of three and i'm the youngest.
you sound like my mother!
i work in a hospital, and i am a nurse.
you can do that!
i am still in school. how are you?
i do travel a lot. i do travel to the states for work and travel the world
no, i am too busy to travel.
yes, i do, and i love soda. i've a large soda collection.
i am sure that is a good idea. i am pretty straight forward with my drink.
i don't have a job, but i work in a pool
good for you. you are a veteran. what do you do for fun?
i think it is very important to draw as a hobby
i like to play sports and hang out with friends. you?
where are you from?
yes, i love to garden. i grew many different kinds of flowers in my garden.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have a green thumb?
my family lives in ny, how are you?
i went to school for berea in ky.
i went for a walk in the woods and ate a yummy pizza and had a good time.
i see that you are well educated. i'm a student at the university of chicago
hello, how are you?
good. how about you?
i am just about to take a break too
i want to do surgery on my arm.
well, it is an procedure that is in the field. it is very important.
why do you need your gall bladder removed?
yes, she's very upset. i was thinking of moving to the beach with her.
i am sorry. i'm sorry to hear that.
well i bet it is tough. i bet that you get them all the time.
i'd love to.
i am singing at a bar at my club, i am in nyc
oh no. i'm sorry, i'm sure you'll find someone to share it
i work at a clothing store. i work at a clothing store.
i work at a thrift shop, but i'm also a waitress at a thrift shop.
about a year, what do you do?
you have been spending a lot of time with me lately.
i live in florida. i'm in the us, florida, i want to move to florida
i like diet coke too, but i've not decided if i'm going to drink it
it is bad in the city where are you located?
i like that idea! what kind of house are you in?
hi, how are you today?
hello, how are you?
i work at a bank and am a teller at a bank. what do you do?
i am in the navy, i am in the navy. i'm a navy seal.
wow!!! that's awesome! i am a pediatrician
yes, i am sure. what is your favorite food?
wow! two kids! how long have you been married?
are you a fan of music?
i know the feeling, i'm on my own, i'm alone. i have no
i enjoy making chocolate chip cookies.
i enjoy exercise, exercise and running.
no i don't. i have a brother who is a boy
no, i'm only five years old
i bet you had a full house
yeah.
i like to travel, i just got back from a trip to a country called chicago
i am saving for a new house.
i'm an accountant.
i'm a programmer, i work for the tech company.
i am not really a very busy person. i do odd jobs for work.
that's the right thing to do
yes i plan on getting married and having kids. how about you?
i am great! i just got back from walking my dog. how are you?
i'm fine. i just got off work.
science is a great subject. do you like to hike?
wow. what do you do for fun?
how nice. how did you do that?
yes, i've a dog, i've a lab
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm a vegetarian, i love animals
i do. i do! what do you like to read?
i've a book on nature and animals
good. how are you doing?
i am tired of baking. i am really tired of baking
i hope you enjoy your camping trip. i hope you are having a good one.
i am going to visit my friends. i'm going to visit my family.
i will go back to the camp.
camp! that is what i think.
i do too. i am thinking of moving back to my tent and getting to know you better.
i can not bake cake. i love to bake.
i could make him. he would love justin bieber!
wow! that's awesome!
i like magic, but i prefer magic more than magic....
i'm so glad that you are here, i'm just getting ready to go to bed
i was just reading it, what is your favorite book?
i am doing well. i just got back from the gym.
you are a mom. i'm a mom. i work from home.
i work at a pizza shop.
what is your favorite animal?
i like to play sports.
what kind of dogs do you have?
i love dogs as well
oh my. i like to think so.
i am in college, studying for my masters in education. i am studying for a masters in education
i help him work on his law practice.
pizza is my favorite dish
i am doing well, how about you?
how are you doing today?
i am. i'm so sorry. i just got back from a long hike.
that's good. i love dancing and dancing to music
i can smell the grass and the trees. i am allergic to everything.
wow! that is impressive! i am a six foot tall guy. you must be quite tall.
oh no! i'm so sorry to hear that. do you like to travel?
i would not know, i'm more of a runner.
we need good runners to help us on our daily run. we need good runners to run with.
wow, that is impressive. i'm going to apply for a job at a pet shelter.
i have a job as a sales manager at a bank. i make money for my bank account.
its been good so far. how about yours?
yes, it is a barrier, but the rain is protection.
i don't know what to do. i have never been outside of the rain.
sushi night is my favorite thing to eat.
that is great, i want to run 6 miles everyday
i could if you could run on one.
oh i'm a dragon fan lol
dragons are real.... and they are real dragons.
it is a secret of our secret, but the dragons are our secret.
i like drawing dragons...
i'm a model plane pilot, what do you do for fun?
do you like drawing? i draw
i'm not very artistic, but i love to draw, and draw,
i'm doing well. how are you?
well, i'm about to start a new job!
i listen to jazz. i like jazz too. i am a singer.
i am sure you are bored! i am boring too. i am boring.
no i am not. i am not a romantic at all.
i own a home, but i'm not sure i will ever own one. i live alone
well, i've a lot of dolls dolls
what kind of work do you do?
i do. i love antiques and antiques
yes, i've a new apartment, but i'm still looking for a new one
i love antiques and antiques and antiques
i am looking forward to a flea market!
my cousin lives there, he was a big fan of mine
i am well. how are you?
i am doing pretty good. i'm painting the mural on the wall.
that is awesome! i am trying to get to know you.
california, california... you?
i hear you, my husband and i have moved around a lot recently.
i'm from england but now in austria.
well, you could try to get out more, get out more
i'm sorry, i'm sorry to hear that.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've 4 children.
i'm going to enjoy traveling the world
i make a lot of money traveling to places i like to go
yeah, i know what you mean. i am sorry.
i have been to several museums, and so has my grandson.
i am great! just got back from my run!
i am great, just got back from work. how are you?
i'm fine. i am a student studying for my class.
i study baking. i'm a baker. i bake for a living.
i want to be a journalist
nothing much. what about you?
i'm not sure. it is just that i like to write.
i love pies, especially with coffee. i also like to eat them with cream cheese.
i love pecan... my favorite is pecan pie
its going good. i just got done working at the library.
wow that is a lot of ferraris. i'm not sure how to fit into them
yeah i've a car but i have not been in a ferrari since the 70s
i've a lot of friends and family that i know.
yes it is. they're very nice.
oh, i see..... i don't think i'm a fan of acting
what kind of news did you have?
i love kids
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm a famous writer, and i've an
wow, that is a lot of ferraris, i bet you'd get lots of ferraris
i have not, i have been to canada twice. i have been to canada once.
that is awesome. my dad is a actor. he is an actor in canada.
i was in a lot of movies.
i am doing good, just getting ready to go to work
i am doing great. how about you?
i'm a little more into things like making clothes.
i enjoy running and running around the neighborhood
i bet you do!
i am a scientist. what is your favorite thing to do?
oh wow i've never done that
i have a large collection. i've 5.
i listen to all kinds of music. what kind of music do you like?
i love all kinds of music, jazz, hip hop, and rock music.
oh, i see. that is a lot of beatles fan.
yes, i love to watch the news.
i play guitar. i am a guitarist for a band.
i am great. how are you?
i am good, i was a good athlete and i was good at hockey
oh i am fine, i am good, i'm good with rollerblading
i do, i like to rollerskate.
i love exercise too but i'm a little too competitive.
i've never been to a garden, i grow my own.
me too, i love fresh veggies, especially veggies. i've a garden and garden.
yes i am. i love fresh
no, i have not. how about you?
what do you do for a living?
i do like sports
i am doing well, how about you?
its been great, what do you do for a living?
i don't have a favorite restaurant but i do love subway food
nice i love to go out with friends
i don't have any pets. i've a dog
lol, i'm a cat, i've a cat named harley.
i have a cat, she's my pet. i have a cat named kibbles
i work as a professional surfer. what about you?
i work in a bank, i'm a secretary for a bank
i'm good how are you
i'm really tired, so tired
no, not really, i work at the local office. what do you do?
i'm an engineer.
i'm sure that you have a good life, i am a paralegal for the law firm
yes, i like working with family.
i wish too! i wish it would. i miss the heat.
no, she died of a heart attack.
i am so glad you are safe, my car broke down.
i've lived in texas for the past 6 years, have you?
i work at a beach, and you?
how are you doing today
i'm sure they would, i'm sure you could afford to take them.
i have a daughter, a boy. they're both in school.
oh i'm too fat to swim, but i'm not too fat lol
i'm doing good, how are you?
i am very busy, and busy with work. i just got done with school.
i've to go to school. i am a student, i am a student.
that sounds fun. i am going to go out to a party
it is a lot of fun, but i like to party.
i am the only person who does not.
i love them, i'm the only one who likes them
the ones that have a large office
what kind of work do you do?
what are you reading?
i like to read and spend time with my kids.
that's great. what do you do?
it sounds like a lot of fun
hello, i'm james, how are you?
nice to meet you too. i'm not sure what you are saying.
hello there! i'm about to start a new project!
i think my girlfriends would hate me if i did that
i don't know. maybe i'm just a little emotional.
oh no! you mean you have been beaten!
no, i'm not into sports, i like sports
i like to sleep in my bed
i live in cali, i'm in new york. you?
i can only imagine what you mean by nomadic
i'm a freelance accountant. what about you?
oh, that is great. i am a student, i'm studying accounting for a school.
that's too bad. i cleaned your books. i'm allergic to it.
oh no, what happened? i'm so sorry.
i am in seattle, seattle, seattle, seattle, seattle
what is your bf like?
i'm in school right now and i'm studying in college
no i am not. i am staying with my bf
what do you do for fun?
well i teach literature and history. i teach math
oh okay i'm sorry to hear that
do you have any hobbies?
i'm doing well, just got back from a long walk.
i have to run to work. i'm a writer.
i am a gardener, it is not my hobby.
i plant my own tomatoes. i love to grow them in my garden.
what do you do for a living?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do?
i'm not a cook but i'm a chef.
that is awesome. i'm a pre med student
teaching music, that's what i teach.
i make pasta.
that's a good idea!! i love coffee!!!
good. i'm doing ok. i just got done working on my project.
i'm just relaxing with my dog. how about you?
what do you do for a living?
i have been buying all my new collars.
yeah she is trying to talk me into marriage. she wants me to be a dad, but she
i'm pregnant with twins twins. i am the only one that's pregnant.
that would be nice. i want to ask her to marry me.
i just finished reading
i'm not sure i would like that.
hello! i'm great. how are you?
nice! i'm glad i finally bought one.
it is slow, but i know it is going to be faster. i will have to do it
that's okay. i can paint better. i'm a little tired.
i bet they would. they would! i've a big family.
my music is from the past and the past is the past
i play the piano, what about you?
what is your favorite food?
i know but it is hard to find one
i do, i love dancing.
i have not danced in decades
hello, i'm her, i'm a grandma. how are you?
hello! how are you doing today?
what is your favorite word?
you are a family man?
i am in my family and i am chatting
that sounds like a fun time, i just got home from the farm.
you must be a very talented musician, i'm not very talented, i'm more of
i love bingo! what are you doing?
yes, it is a great place to meet.
i'm fine, how are you?
i'm not, i'm married and i have kids
what do you do for a living
what is your home name?
i'm not sure i like to have a man in my home
i paddle on my off days!
how long have you worked there?
i can play you anything
that's great! i am happy for you!
because i think you are nice and nice
i'm not sure what you mean.
yo... what up yo..
i'm still at school. i'm studying to be a teacher.
i'm really excited for tomorrow.
wow that's a lot of them!!!
i deal blackjack to the guy in the lexus
i have a lot of fun
that's a good idea. i am sorry to hear that.
yes, and i'm tired of playing cards.
yeah, but i also have a lot of friends who are ufc.
i do too! i love the movies, especially the ones where people get killed!
i'm 36 and i have 2 kids
i'm 15. i am only 17. i am going to school to be a doctor.
what is your favorite rock?
no i am not busy
why do you not like mornings?
oh ok, i can not wait to finish my photography portfolio
i am a professional professional professional at the moment. what do you do for work?
that's great. i do photography for a living.
yes, i do. i travel all over the world. how about you?
i want to take pictures of the world
you must be very talented.
yeah, i am. i'm going to try and get some food.
what are you making?
i'm looking forward to reading it
i don't work. i'm a student in college.
mine is black. i love the color black
what color is your quilting?
i like to eat meat. i love meat.
i don't have time for calzones. i am eating a calzone.
i am a vegan so i'm a vegan. it is very hard to find something vegan
i'm a very good cook. i am a vegetarian so i'm not a vegetarian.
i like tacos
i enjoy country music, but i do like country music
i'm a musician. i play classical music, classical and jazz music
my favorite classical music is classical music. i like classical music.
not bad. how are you?
i'm gonna be going to class in a minute. how about you?
i teach high school
i'm finished with my bachelors degree. do you have a job?
i'm a math teacher at a local school
that is a great goal! i've a lot of work to do.
oh i am so glad she's in school
i think they're really cool, and they're a good teacher. i love them!
i don't but i do like to shop. do you?
i am doing great! just finished a job at the local hospital
i'm doing well. how about you?
i'm feeling great too! how are you?
i have a handful of them
my ten are my ten thousand!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think i will.
i can also go to the shelter to get more animals.
i don't know. i hate the llamas, but i don't really like them.
i have a cat named penny
yeah they're a little creepy
i'm just a guy. i am a guy.
i am doing great. how are you?
i am doing good, how are you
i like to hike, especially in the fall.
that's awesome.
sometimes. i used to take them hiking but i changed my mind and left.
i'm to old to hike, i have been hiking for years
i would love to have a good place to go.
i'm looking for some new herbs and herbs
i don't have a lot of free time
hello, i'm doing great. just relaxing with my kids.
i'm fine. i'm fine. do you have any hobbies?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
i am going scuba diving in the lake.
wow! japan is so big!
yes, it is. i'm very much learning how to speak english and english
i've to walk my dog on day.
he's a puppy. i named him skittles. he's my dog.
no i've no dog.
just getting ready for work. what are you up to?
my veggies are healthy. do you like to cook?
oh great! i'm about to get ready to go out to eat with my family.
do you hike often? i do.
i love hiking and camping, but hiking is a bit of a challenge. what kind of car do
that's nice of you to say
i like to watch movies in theatres. do you have any hobbies?
that is good. i like to hike too.
yes, i'm sure they will. i love gambling.
i love to talk to my family on the phone
what do you do for a living?
i'm doing well, just relaxing. how are you?
i am doing good. just getting ready to do some yoga.
i've two daughters.
you have a very nice family
that is a lot of work. i'm a teacher.
i work in a financial sector
oh wow that is very impressive! i play professional soccer
that's great. what kind of food do you like?
i'm so happy. i love it! i love it so much!
i'm so happy that i'm not going to die
i love it, what do you do for a living?
it is great. i am a pretty good person.
what do you do for a living?
sure. what is your favorite instrument?
not really, i'm too busy with the band, rock and roll
why are you so interested in my life?
it is. what do you like to do?
i paddle board for fun. i paddle board for fun.
i'm a fast car fan. i also like to drive fast cars.
what do you do for work?
i am on vacation from work.
i would like that. i could have friends over and do you like animals?
oh, i'm sure you'd.
i love it! i've a whole box of my favorite things.
yes, i am so very fortunate. i have been so fortunate to get such a beautiful house.
i do! i'm going to love it.
i'm scared of clowns
just watching some tv
i just got home from work and got a text from the shop owner.
i have no idea. i have been reading about that on the internet.
concerts are the best. concerts are the best.
i do. i like concerts, but not for concerts, do you?
i don't want to be a zombie anymore
i think i am going to look into that. i love the movies on netflix.
i'm sure it is. i'm not a person who enjoys cheapness.
i run marathons for a living
i am very good at running, do you like running?
i run in the morning to be with my family.
i see. i'm a little anxious. i have been feeling the same way for the past
sure. i'd love to get some.
i do. i've been studying to be a doctor.
i love nfl!!!!
that's awesome! i'm still a runner
i am in a gas station right now, how about you?
no, i am not married. i just work there.
i'm married, i'm sorry. you are not married?
i just got done working on my latest project.
nice! do you like to travel?
yes it is. i am a student at the university of alabama.
i love rock climbing, i also do art.
hi, i am doing well. how are you?
i'm doing well. just got home from work. how about you?
i'm doing well, just got done with my surgery.
just baking some cookies and pie, what about you?
what kind of music do you listen to?
i'm listening to music and listening to some rock music
i love classic rock, and i'm listening to classic rock right now.
i love to play with my friends
i work for a company called lobster
i'm doing great, how are you?
i'm fine but i'm tired. i'm tired and my friends are driving me
i'm about to play a video game
i've a pet pig
i'm. i'm single.
i need more time with my kids. i want more time with them.
i was in cali, so i was in cali. what do you do for a living
i was a bit of a bookworm, so i am learning to read.
i'm going to the beach. i have not been there before.
i'm good. just watching tv. you?
that's nice. i'm staying up because i like to sleep.
no they are not. i am not in the habit of violent acts
are you sure?
no, but i am afraid to. my police officer friend is on the way.
i don't know about that. i'm scared of them.
i love snitches. i love snitches.
yeah, me too. i'm a doctor and it is hard to help mom.
yeah, i'm moving. i'm moving to texas
well, it is hard for me to make enough to buy a car
i'm not a strong person but i care for her.
that's okay. people make fun of me all the time.
i know what you mean. i'm not very good at it.
i live with mom and dad.
i work full time and have two kids.
i am good, just got done cleaning my room. how about you?
i just got home from work at a coffee shop. how are you?
pretty good how about you?
i'm a teacher. what about you?
that's a bummer, i'm sorry to hear that.
i love to play the piano.
yeah that is awesome i like to hang out with my friends and hang out with other people
that's awesome. i was thinking of joining dance class.
it is awesome, it is almost as good as the beach.
i like to dye my hair black and purple
do you have any siblings
my lexus, the kind that goes around in a circle around the park.
i am sure you will find something to do.
i'm good. how are you?
i am an artist
yes i do i'm a fan of baseball
what is your favorite thing to do?
the south, i love the south, especially when the weather is warm.
i like to watch the world with my husband
wow, that's a nice car! i love to go for long drives in my corvette
so what do you do for a living?
yes it is! what is your favorite food?
do you like art projects?
i like to paint and draw. what kind of art do you like?
oh wow. i love birds and cars and cars!
yeah i'm looking for a job that pays more. i am looking for a job that pays
i'm not good at math either, but i am good at math
i am a high school student
i do. i like french fries.
i don't know. i like tofu and rice.
i like tofu, my favorite food.
yes, i love music! what do you do for fun?
i like classical. what kind of music do you like?
i was only 18 when i was born. i was also in the process of becoming a professional rock
i'm sorry, i'm not very comfortable in my sweater
i am sorry, i am still looking for a new job.
oh, i love french fries! i eat them all the time.
i am good. just got done working out. i work out a lot
i'm doing okay. just thinking about how good it is going to be when the baby is
awesome! i have been working online for almost 3 years now. i hope you are well
i am a student at the college of alabama
i am not a player, i am a guitar player. i play the guitar
yes, i love music. do you like music?
i like to travel as well
i like rap music.
i love my band so far!
cool! what do you do for fun?
i'm actually a painter, and i love to paint.
i don't have any. i just like to go on walks with my cat.
i love cats. i love all animals.
that is a nice coffee with all the coffee you can eat
i love fried chicken and chocolate cake
yes, i love chocolate too.
i've one brother and the other is my brother
i love solitude. i spend most of my time with my brother and sisters
i don't think you can play video games. i am a professional player
i will not give you the fabric, i'm a machine.
i love reading and reading
my cat costumes are very interesting and cool
hello, i'm a vegan.
that's cool i'm a chef and i also run a restaurant.
that's great, i like strawberries. i am also a good eater
it is nice. i love the smell of the strawberries.
i want to go to the beach. do you like cars?
do you have any siblings?
i work for a veterinarian office, what is your job?
my brother works there as well
no i don't have a brother. i cant eat meat.
i am just a young child. i'm just a child.
i don't have any pets. i do have a dog.
that's a lot of dogs. i got a pet turtle
i've a cat, they're my friends, they are my friends too.
i'm not sure. what is it?
yes it does, i love sushi, but i've never tried it.
what do you do for a living?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've to pay the mortgage on my apartment.
i love libre, and i'm a great swimmer, i cannot swim
that sounds like a plan. i just got done making a puppy.
cuba libre is good for dogs and cats
cuba libre is a hard currency to come by
that sounds fun. what do you do for a living?
i am doing well, how about you?
i'm from russia. how are you?
hi there! how are you doing?
i like to read. i've been reading since i was a child.
you should not have to work. do you work?
that sounds like fun! i'm looking forward to my workout
that would be great. i've never been outside of the city.
i'm not sure about that, i am just looking for a job.
i am not sure what i would have done if i were you
i am so glad i'm not obese
yes i do.
i am a girl. how about you?
i like the color yellow i like the color yellow
oh i'm just watching tv with my friend. i'm watching a movie with her
what time is it there?
i am flying out to meet some friends.
i work for the army, i'm an officer.
do you have any hobbies?
that is sad. you must be lonely. i am sorry.
i am going to a salon and need to dye my hair.
what kind of music did you like?
i like it too. what else do you like?
i am well. how are you?
good. tired from my job at the clinic. you?
that is good to hear. i volunteer at the local humane society
wow! that must have been really stressful.
i prefer the variety of foods. i love meat.
how are you doing today
you should move in with me. i live in a house with a big family
i was in the us in the army, i just finished playing guitar.
i do, but i am not very good at it.
do you have any pets?
what do you do for a living?
i'm a little worried about my condition
what color is your favorite color?
i'm sorry to hear that.
i would like that! what do you do for a living?
i do. i am a gal, i love animals, and dogs.
i really like to be with people, i really like them
you can always do it. i am sure you will remember it.
i do. sometimes i do. i like the peace and quiet.
i'm just relaxing. relaxing by the pool.
i need to write more
i write a lot of fiction novels. i write fiction novels.
i'm not sure what you mean.
that is a good idea. i would love that.
not too bad, just relaxing. how about you?
oh ok. i have a party to attend. do you have any hobbies?
i'm a student. what about you?
wow, that's great!
yeah, i bet. i'm a party planner and i don't like it.
i'm in florida. i live in florida.
no i am watching something while i clean.
do you watch it?
yes, i have seen it. i like the color green
i am good and you?
i love red. do you have any hobbies?
no, i am not married, i have one child. do you have any kids?
you have a big family?
wow, that is a lot of money, how did you manage that?
what do you do for a living?
i am still employed as a manager of the local hotel.
i don't have any pets. do you have any pets?
i have a chihuahua named max
i'm a poodle and i'm very tall, how tall are you?
oh my god! i've a poodle. she's a poodle.
i am sorry for that. i'm so sorry for your loss
i'm sure i'll find my dog someday.
i'm doing great. just hanging out with my friends.
i have never been outside.
my favorite color is red, what is yours?
i like red too!
i wish i could fly, i wish i could fly too.
cool. we would like to get costumes.
i am listening to some music right now.
great! just got off work and they're good
oh wow!! i've never seen that before
i like to play sports and have a lot of fun. i like to run. i also like
i've been to all of the continents, and i love them!
i'm well. how about you?
i am doing great! just got done watching the news. how are you?
i'm good. just finished cleaning up after my night at the club. how about you?
i work at the local courthouse
wow that is a lot of books!
i'm a writer. do you have any hobbies?
wow. you must be a good writer. i write stories.
green, my favorite color is blue.
i'm actually green. you?
i love blue tea. i like tea. i love tea
i like to take my dog out to play with his friends.
i like to surf, i just surf a lot
that is great. i enjoy running too.
i'm good, just sitting here, listening to music. how are you?
what are you going to do online?
yes i do
i know about some other ways.
i can help you with your circus job.
i am the boss.
yes, you are right. i'm very busy, i just started working in my home.
i love to wear my favorite color, pink and pink.
i like the color orange as well
what color is it?
i love to read. i like to read. what do you do?
what are you up to today?
i love going to the movies, especially when i go to the movies with my friends.
i'm doing good. i am good how about you?
i like to travel, i am a very good at packing, you?
i am moving to new york, ny. i live in new york. i'm going to
what are your favorite languages?
i am so sorry, i'm so sorry
i think so too. i am looking for a friend in particular.
that is awesome i'm in college and i will be getting a ba in science
i do love hiking, but not as much as hiking. i'm not very adventurous.
i'm sorry to hear that. i am sorry to hear that.
it is okay, i've no time for that now.
i'm so sorry. i am going to miss my grades.
hello. i'm doing well. how are you?
i just got done working on my new job at a new office.
you are a flower girl?
i love daisies, do you have any?
i love to read and watch movies
i'm so glad you are okay
no, i've no kids
i am a veterinarian and am not a big animal person
i've 5, i've 5 and 4
thanks. i am more of a script person, but i'm a writer.
i'm going to be around them and try to help them.
yes, it does.
i feel good too, i'm hungry and i love to eat food
i am a person of interest, i'm just a person who likes to travel
i live in the south and live in the south. how about you?
we love to go to the movies, and go to the movies.
what do you do for work?
no i don't, i'm not very good.
i play my guitar and sing when i have time
i'm a professional musician. i play piano. i also play piano in my spare time.
what kind of medicine is it?
yeah, i just took a hit of weed. i got a hit of weed.
i can see how that would be difficult
what do you do for a living?
hey, i am just watching some tv. how are you?
wow! how did you get so smart?
hi! i'm fine! what are you up to?
i just finished going to the park.
i have a huge truck. i like to drive
i love to play sports. what about you?
i enjoy it and i like working out too. i love working out
yeah i'm still in virginia.
my husband and i had a big home, we bought it from a neighbor.
i know a cop
how are you doing tonight?
they're in virginia. i love the cool weather
yes i am so sorry. i hope you have a good day.
yeah, my dad is a truck driver, he's a truck driver. so i guess he
i bet you miss him a lot
i am fine how are you?
i am from texas, how about you?
no i don't have any pets
that's so sweet, what is your favorite food?
i work in an espresso shop, what about you?
you have to be careful.
i do, i don't like meat. i'm a vegan so i eat meat all the
i'm not very good at this.
yum! i love salmon!
i love green. do you like cooking?
oh, i love roses too, they're my favorite color
it was good! i had lunch with my friends!
i just finished a book about the great gatsby.
i am an accountant, what do you do?
i'm not sure what you mean.
yeah it is. i hope you enjoy it.
how is it going?
i love my job. i'm a good provider, i also have a family.
i am a professional musician. i play the violin. what do you do?
i want to be a better school
thanks. what else do you do?
yeah. it really does. i think i am having a bad day.
i am also in school for my mba
i know, i am just feeling happy. i love to do stuff like this
i like blue too. blue is my favorite color.
i've always wanted to go green.
yes i do i love to eat out
i'm not a fan of long periods of time
my favorite is the movie theater. i love the movies.
my favorite place to visit is italy.
i love nature but i like the outdoors
hi katie and i are both in college
hello, i'm also a teacher
i love cats and dogs and my best pets are the dogs.
so, you are vegetarian?
pizza is good. i like pizza too.
i am not sure i like pizza either
i'm a student, but i'm in college.
i'm studying philosophy. i just started my major.
i don't like fighting with anyone either
i am good, just got done packing. i'm packing up my stuff. you?
i'm a very happy person and not to good mood right now.
i'm a student at the university of chicago.
i deliver goods from the post office to a post office
i'm from new york city
i am from ohio, ohio. my parents have been here for many years, they're from
i do, i like to hang out with friends
oh that's cool! i'm not very good at it.
i've a cat, but i don't have any pets. what about you?
wow, i've a lot of flowers. i'm pretty big.
i don't have a lot of friends.
i can not wait to get out of this garden and out of this house
i like all kinds of music, the kind that makes me laugh
hello, i am doing good. i'm good. just got back from my day off work
i just got home from work. i just got home from work, but i am so tired!
yeah, me too! do you like working in the morning?
i am a medical assistant at a hospital. i'm a medical assistant.
i build robots in my spare time
yea, i am a speaker, i am a democrat, i want to be a speaker
i am a teacher, but i'm retired now. i'm not sure if i can
i am still waiting for my class to start.
i think so. i draw for fun.
i just got done playing in my favorite music, i am a country singer
what do you like to do for fun?
what do you do for a living?
what do you like to do?
i am doing great, just came back from the park. how are you?
i am a student, how about you?
how long have you been working there?
do you have any hobbies?
i'm from the usa. i'm in texas. how about you?
i live in the florida keys now that i've retired from the army.
no i have not, but i'm going to see how they are doing.
i've a small island in the caribbean.
yes, it gets very humid here in california. it is humid here in california.
hi. i'm good. how are you?
i'm great and you?
no i am not a manager of a hotel
i've been in the field of the farm of the farm of the farm of the farm
no i work alone
i know that. i'm sorry for your loss.
how do you like them?
i work at a bank and i don't have a job right now. what about you?
i don't work but i do work for a computer company. i am a software developer.
i move a lot so i can be around people and be near my family
wow, i've moved over a hundred times
i know it would be crazy
i like to go to the park in the park
sure. you can sing to me, i'm in a band.
i can help you, i can help you find your keys
no, i would rather stay home and watch the news.
i can. what is your favorite song?
i'm married to a wonderful man.
what do you do for a living?
i don't want them, they are all a handful. what about you?
i don't think they will. i'm thinking of feeding them a lutefisk.
i have never played basketball, but i do like to watch basketball.
sure, do you like to hike?
i'll get married in june. i'll get married on june 2nd.
good. how are you?
i have a 6 months left of life
yes, i would. that would be lovely.
i don't know if i could eat that.
no i don't have allergies to cats.
i do! i love justin bieber. he's a great guy.
that is great. i am also a student.
i live in a small town in the midwest. i moved to the midwest.
that is great! i wish i had the money to travel. i wish i could travel to europe
i've a daughter who's 6 months old. she's going to be 7 in
no, i have no pets. i've a cat, you?
i'm not sure. i've not seen him in a while.
swimming is fun, but i'm not very athletic
yes, i do, every day. it is my favorite thing to do.
i'm a good cardiologist
i'm trying to learn how to cook.
that is horrible! i've 3 dogs, how many dogs do you have?
i don't. i'm not wearing them.
not really, just reading and reading. what about you?
i guess you would say that.
i know that feeling. what is your favorite food?
i'm not sure how to afford that. i don't have any money.
i play the piano at a bar. what do you do for a living?
i am in high school, i am still in high school. i am still in high school.
i like high school. i am not into high school. i like high school.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm sure they don't like you
i am sorry you feel better
yes. i am. i am a surfer from france.
i love country music. what do you do for a living?
what kind of music do you like?
that is why i am working. i am a waitress.
it is probably better than school cafeteria food
i'll tell them you make great tacos
i am good, just had a little nap. how about you?
i am well thanks for asking
i'm a surgeon for a big company
i work for the local farmers market
i am a nurse at a trauma unit
i live in texas. i live in texas. what about you?
i live in utah with my husband and 5 kids
thank you, i have never been anywhere but utah, that's where i'm from
i enjoy playing with my dog.
i'm a horse trainer
that is so cool. what do you play?
hi there, i am so tired
i am always at work. busy with the shop
what game of thrones are you trying to get caught up in?
i love game of thrones and i'm looking forward to it.
are you nervous about your job?
i have never seen it but i am sure it is beautiful!
i am sorry, i'm not going to be here long
i am in boston, near boston, how about you?
she works at a store like that?
i love shopping there too
i am a candy bar wrapper
i am scared of the dark. i don't like being alone.
i saw him on the easter bunny the easter bunny!
great! i just got back from the hospital, what about you?
i am so excited. i'm also in college. i'm still in school.
oh, i will, i've so much money
i live in north carolina. where are you from?
i'm here in chicago, how are you?
my mom is a teacher. she teaches at the local high school.
i moved here from memphis where i live
i would love to travel to spain.
i want to teach my english, what about you?
oh yeah? i am sure they would miss you. i miss my family.
yes!! i am happy.
i am a big fan of buffalo bills, but i do like it
i like poetry and supporting others
i am doing well. how about yourself?
i'm doing well. what about you?
i'm a librarian, i like new things
i just got done working in the library, so i'm doing great.
i'm alone, i'm lonely, i have no one
i spend a lot of time at the beach. i also enjoy the beach
i played volleyball but never played competitively.
i play a lot of football. i play to my son who plays for a team.
he's not competitive at all
i am doing ok. how are you?
lol.... i do have two thumbs....
i've a hard time believing that.
how long have you been typing?
yeah, i have a nifty nifty nifty nifty nifty nifty nifty ni
i don't know, i think it was a fake moon.
haha. i think it is real. what do you do for a living?
i am 25, i'm a little bit older than you
i'm in my 80s now, but my hair is still blonde
what color is it?
oh, i'm sorry to hear that. are you in a relationship?
hello. how are you doing?
i hate cleaning the house
i'm sorry about that, i am not a dog person
i don't have any dogs, but i do have a dog named yorkie.
i like to have dogs and a convertible
sounds like a good job. i need to get a car soon.
that's great. i am thinking about becoming a religion myself.
i love it. i love the beach too.
i've seen a ghost on the beach. it is one of the best places to be.
you have any other patients?
i think i can see what they mean, i see what they mean.
how old is she?
she's not doing well, she is in a nursing home
i hate cooking and cooking. it makes me sick.
i love cooking, i've a family, i love to cook.
i just had to get it cut. i love to cook and eat it.
well, i'm not a chef, but i'm sure you can find something that works
i've a boyfriend who lives in italy. we have been together since we were young.
we moved in the 1950s in the 1970s in the eighties
yes i do. i love to cook, and cook for my friends
that's good, i draw a lot of pictures for my students, they like to draw pictures
i love video games as well
i am not a good artist but i am pretty good at it
i am 30, and i love the color green.
i know, but its not like summer.
i am sad because i'm not going to the holidays with you. i'm not sad
i wish it was the holidays. i wish it was the holidays
i have been busy with work lately and work is just a way to spend time with family
they're okay. i'm more into the drama of the situation
i want to be superman.
i don't think that the flash could even beat superman in a race.
i'm a champion, i can beat you.
that would be cheating, but it is the best option
i am not sure i really want to.
i like to be a superhero.
i've never been to texas. i've never been to texas.
i wish i had time to run but i'm busy working on my dress
i'm good. just got done working out. how about you?
i'm watching a movie with my brother
i have been watching north park for a while
it was a great show, i loved it. i love it
well i'm in the middle of watching a movie with my brother
i'm in california. i'm watching south park.
that is not a good idea, but i am sure you will do your best.
oh wow, that's great, i am just here listening to some music.
no. what kind of music do you like?
i like all types of music. what kind of music do you like?
it is hard rock. the hard rock is hard rock
they're great. do you like the color green?
i play country and country music. what kind of music do you like?
i am good, just enjoying some time with my family
i'm great. i just got done eating nachos!
oh no! i'm so sorry to hear that
i hate homework as much as i hate it.
i hate popcorn and sour cream. i hate popcorn and sour cream.
i hate it when it gets stuck in my teeth.
oh, you are so silly
what do you do for a living?
it is. i'm a professional at work. i work from home.
i love making home movies
yes, i do, i live in new york city. i've a big family.
i'm doing well. just relaxing. how about you?
good afternoon, how are you?
that is nice, i'm a driver
i'm sorry, i'm not, i am staying at home with my dog.
i love italian food. i am an only child
that's a shame. i'm not italian and i cannot tell you my family.
i am so sorry to hear that! i am so sorry to hear that
i don't know what you are talking about, i'm just a guy.
i don't need my good friends. i need my friends!
not much. i don't have any kids, but i have a big family.
what kind of car?
you'd be scared of a gun collection
what do you do for a living?
no i don't have a green thumb
i love gardens! my mansion has a lot of them.
i'm too. i love to travel and have a lot of adventures
yes i'm a green thumb.
that is great. i don't have a lot of free time.
i am glad that you are okay. i've a house full of antique furniture.
yeah i'm not a big fan of building things, so i have not done it yet
i am told my dad was a lumberjack.
i've no siblings but i've a mom and dad
so do you work?
i'm not very good at sports.
i'm good and you?
i love cats too. what do you do for a living?
i've a lizard and dog.... how many do you have?
i'm a veterinarian.
that sounds like a lot of fun
i'm a librarian at a library. it is my favorite job.
no, i like to read a lot. i like to read about the history of the world.
i don'thing and i don't like it. i work in a hospital so i don't like
i have never watched youtube, what kind of videos?
no, it is a comedy.
yes it is! what do you do for a living?
i'm ok. i'm isabella, how are you?
hello there! i am a little scared of heights, and i love to ride horses
wow, you are a student, you must be very smart
i'm 31 and i am still in high school
do you have any hobbies?
no but i hear there are a lot of them here
how is your weekend going?
oh okay, i love the color blue, so i guess that makes sense
i'm sure she does not, she's deaf
no i don't have any pets. i've a dog
yeah that's a pretty good way to describe her
i'm 25 years old. i am 18 months pregnant.
that's a long time to be on the road
i'm doing okay. i'm just a little tired. i need a nap.
i like to play sports and go to the movies.
that's awesome!!
my favorite thing to listen to is music. do you like music?
i miss him but we both have our own lives
how nice. i just bought new shoes. what do you do for a living?
oh no! i'm sorry to hear that
i like the hard stuff.
nothing much... i am a writer... i love to write..
i don't have time for a computer right now. i am a software developer.
that's great. i love to drink it!
i hope so too. i am sorry for your loss.
well, my parents are dead and i'm just making my own designs.
how long have you been on the dept?
hello there, how are you today?
sushi moms fav! i love sushi moms fav.
they don't have much time for it. they are busy with their hobbies
what do you do for a living?
ok i am not a great painter. i draw people in my spare time.
you are welcome!
i'm a big tea fan, especially tea, so i would not mind some!
that would be a good idea, i'd love to buy some pottery
wow, that is really sweet.
no, but i'm still drinking.
what do you do for a living?
oh no, i'm so sorry to hear that. i'm so sorry.
it is all of the above. i am a single mother of two boys.
i don't mind buying a new car, it is a good investment.
i am a banker, so i am doing a lot of investing in computers. i've a
i've never tried that.
i am too busy with work to have time to do that
i love the game!!
i did not do anything, i'm sorry, i was just watching.
i do, but he isn't a dog.
that is awesome! i have a two year old girl and 2 dogs
i love pizza, but i also love pizza too.
i like to watch football, do you like to watch football?
i am in hawaii right now
i like running, i run a lot. i run around the campus, it is fun.
i'm a dog person. i am a runner, i love running with my dogs
i don't like running but i do love it
i can not go to see them. i cannot go to see my family.
i am doing great. how are you?
i like to dance. what about you?
it is. i work as a teacher. i am also a teacher.
i do it for fun. i like to read.
yes. i am a professional
i am sorry to hear that.
no, i am just a student. i just finished school. what about you?
i do. do you have any hobbies?
i don't blame you. i am sorry.
my family left me and i'm in my own mess.
what do you do for work?
hello, i'm good, how are you?
i am doing ok and you
i love the smell of fresh air.
yes i do. the color green is the color of green eyes.
good afternoon, how are you?
i'm watching a new book. it is called the hobbit.
gaming is fun. i play a lot of computer games.
i'm a cook
i love blue, and you?
that is awesome, i am a sucker for makeup.
i love video games, what is your favorite game?
i'm, but not sleepy.
i'm from a small town called ontario
i'm making breakfast for my friends and i'm about to cook breakfast.
i hate tea. i'm allergic to tea
i've never tried tea before
i do work at a bookstore, i work as a librarian.
hi, i'm in college and i am in college.
i like writing and i am a writer.
what do you want to be when you grow up?
i like to write fiction novels. i like writing fiction novels
it is. i enjoy music as well.
i've a friend who lives in a big city. i go to museums a lot.
i'm not really educated. i'm more of a loner.
i like to read books, but i am not a reader. i do read a lot.
i miss my father and i miss him a lot
i am great, thanks. i'm enjoying a nice night.
i'm watching a movie about my son.
i'm getting my things together for school tomorrow.
i've a cat named oscar.
i just got done learning how to paint.
i do. i did. i could use some tacos
i do, i love art. do you?
i love folk metal, and i love metal metal music
i'm a beautiful artist. i like metal.
i like music. i love music. i like listening to music.
i've been working with my clients for the past few years.
i'm a little tired but i'm not too bad.
i hate allergies, especially my allergy to the flowers.
i am good, how are you?
i like country music too!
i love pink floyd! i love pink floyd too!
i work at a bar, in the bar. what do you do?
that is awesome, i'm looking for a job
nice. i am a fisherman, i love to catch and sell fish
i love to run, do you?
i can cook for you, i can cook for you
oh really, what do you like to eat?
good. what do you do for a living?
i'm good thanks for asking
i just watched a movie. how about you?
i like watching soccer games and watching tv
that's great! what do you do for fun?
oh, i bet. i like to play baseball but my favorite is baseball
i just got back from a long walk with my dog.
i like to read and hang out with friends
i don't read much, but i enjoy reading
do you have any pets?
i have a german shepard named gotta be a poodle.
i love golden retrievers!
i don't want to have a dog either
i am good how about you
good. i'm watching tv.
i've not been good at soccer but i do like soccer
what do you do for fun?
that would be great, i want to live in london. london is the best.
do you like to farm?
i work at a restaurant. how about you?
i have 4 brothers lol
i've a job working at nike nike nike
hello! i play guitar in a band, what about you?
so what do you do? i'm a lawyer.
i am good and you?
good. you? i am tired. i just got back from bed.
what kind of work do you do?
i'm a manager at mcdonalds.
i need a vacation!
i do enjoy doing things. i enjoy shopping, and shopping
i work in a factory, i'm a painter, but i am very busy
that is very sad. i'm sorry.
yes, i travel a lot, i travel a lot of countries.
i work part time and sleep a lot. you?
i work too much to work a lot. i don't work anymore.
yes, i love watching movies and traveling.
i listen to music and knit, i'm a crocheting person
good, just finished my workout. how are you?
i'm just getting ready to go to sleep
i'm a manager at a warehouse.
how long did you stay?
i like to go to concerts and concerts. i love concerts.
i like classical music. i listen to it a lot on my spare time.
i love to sing. do you like to sing?
i also listen to them in my younger years
i grew up in virginia, virginia, but i was born in the midwest. i moved to the
i'm from florida, i'm a big fan of florida.
yes hurricanes, and here in texas.
good. i'm good how about you?
i'm doing well and you?
i like to read when i'm not relaxing.
i'm a life guard.
yes, i am a guard for the day. i'm in the loop on this whole thing
yes, it is good.
i'm retired from the navy.
i did not serve, i was a young, young, full of passion
i love my garden. i've a garden.
no, i've a car but i have a dog.
oh no! i am sorry, what are you sorry about?
do you have any hobbies?
i was born in kentucky, so i grew up in the countryside
i am great. i just got back from work. you?
do you like italian food?
hello mia, how are you today?
i'm good thanks for asking
i need to get out of this house.
i am from the east and you?
how are you doing today
you should try a little healthier diet
that's awesome! i love italian food!
i'm doing good, how are you?
you are very kind. you are very kind. i am quite tired of living in this house.
what do you do for a living?
i work at a computer company. i am a computer tech at the company where i work at
what kind of injury?
well i got hit in the head by a car.
wow that is impressive
i bet you were very fast!
i ran for my life!
hi, i am doing well. what are you doing?
i don't, but i do have a suggestion for you.
i take a lot of pictures in my spare time
i take pictures of all the things that have been collected. i also take pictures of everything.
i wish i had the time to take pictures underwater.
it is. i love nature too. i've a forest in my backyard.
that's a great idea. i want to take some pictures of the stars.
nature is life, nature is life
i have been to a lot of museums, and i have been to a museum.
thank you! i am sorry i have to cut you off.
you are welcome. i am sorry i was not there for you.
i am not sure i feel better. i feel so bad for her
mine is blue. my favorite color is purple. you?
great. i just got home from work.
hi there, how are you?
i'm a little hungry, what do you like to cook?
that would be great. i would also recommend a great cold slice of ham with lots of mustard.
that sounds good. i like to make pasta.
i did and i love cooking! i love cooking and cooking.
i enjoy fishing and fishing
hey, i play hendrix. what about you?
i like painting, especially beach scenes. what is your favorite beach?
yes i'm a student. i have a degree in art and art history.
what kind of work do you do?
i like to play video games. what do you like to do?
i do read, but i am not sure i am ready for that.
i have two different colored eyes. i love blue eyes.
i love to be brown. my hair is black and mine is blonde.
i work for a company. i'm an assistant manager at a company.
i work at a grocery store, i work at a grocery store.
i have a cat named bella. she's so cute.
i love pizza. i love pizza. i also love to eat meat.
i can cook, but not much
hi there, how are you?
i do love creating art
i was born to paint.
i do. my brothers are the same way.
wow! i've a chicken farm!
i've two brothers who are identical twins.
that's nice, i've a parrot. i'm a chicken
i don't have a talent, but i can sing.
i've a hard time seeing the beach in the dark
i love motion pictures. my major is in motion pictures.
i was in kansas on a twister. how was that?
i love movies and movies!
great, my day is going great. what about yours?
i'm good, i am also failing my classes.
i have never been to the gym, what do you do?
i'm in so much debt, i've to drop out of school. i'm
i'm not sure. i'm trying to make it pay back by playing football.
what kind of dreams do you have?
i am in texas. i dream about the place i grew up in. i dream of the place
i like nature so i am sure you can find a nice place to live. i'm a
i know, i need to try more running trails
i love music. i love jazz, and country music.
politics is what i dislike
i do like music. it is one of my favorite things
he doesn't like it either.
i love all kinds of music
i'm good. how are you?
i'm good. i am good.
that's nice, i'm going to go on a long hike.
i love nature and nature.
i do like volleyball but i don't play any sports. i am more of a sports person
oh my. what do you play?
that is nice of you to do that
yes, and that's why i love eggs!
i'm in high school
sure, what are you up to?
sorry to hear that
i love roses, but i hate the thorns.
i am going to have to get a real ice cream... my favorite ice cream.
i'm not sure. i like to cook.
oh my four children. i'm sorry to hear that.
i bet they would. they would love her.
i'm not sure. i'm just so worried about the dog.
i'm not sure. i have not heard of them.
i'm sure you will be fine.
i'm sorry i'm sorry to hear that
i'm a little of both. i think i'm more introvert than a extro
what do you do for a living?
what do you do for a living?
no, i am not. i graduated college in the spring.
i have a job as a student so i can help you out.
i am employed at a bank as a bank teller, i work for a bank
i don't have a lot of free time so i'm more of a girl than boy.
i have been to the south and have traveled the east. what is your favorite place to visit?
i like to drink a lot and drink a lot of alcohol
i like to read and go to the beach. i love to go to the beach
i enjoy reading. i'm reading a book about my cat.
i am doing well. how about yourself?
i'm doing great, how are you?
do you have any hobbies?
yeah, i work late and you?
i'm a retail junkie.
i love madonna, she's the best singer in the world.
i've never been outside of the garden
oh nice. i love to garden too.
what greenhouse is it? i've never been there.
they are expensive. my husband has been working too hard lately.
wow, that's impressive, i've been experimenting with different types of compost
well it was and it was not good. i thought i was going to die.
i've made a whole new soap
good evening, i'm doing well, how are you?
i am good, i'm good and you?
i have never seen that show before. do you watch it?
what do you do for work?
i don't work at all, i'm just a computer programmer
that's awesome! do you like it?
i've a pilot license, and i'm ready to fly again
what are you going to do with your life?
i am a collector
i adopted three dogs. i adopted two dogs
thank you. i'm glad you are okay.
what is your favorite color?
i'm sure they don't. i have a dog, he's a dog.
i'm good, just got off work. i just got off work.
hi, i'm good. how are you?
i hope you get it finished quickly.
what do you do for a living?
that is a great idea! i'm not a fan of reading
i'm in sales, i'm a freelance editor
i am not employed right now but i am pretty close to writing a book.
well, you should try out a dress, maybe i could get you to dress me
well, i'm a writer for a magazine. i write about writing about writing about writing.
what do you do for a living?
sure, you can use it. it will help me with my story.
my dog is very excited about the new apartment.
i enjoy playing with my little brother, and playing with my little brother. we play video games.
just sitting here. i am not doing anything
just watching some movies on netflix
the ones that are going on in the news. i want to open a new marketing company
i want to learn self defense, but i'm not very good at it.
yoga is my favorite activity, i try it all the time
yes i would like to go back to school i love yoga
i heard there are lots of vegans here in vegas.
yoga is cool, i love it, but i'm not good at it,
i am a student in college.
i think that i am just doing the best i can
oh i love marketing, i just finished work at the company i work for, what do you do
hi dwight. i am the assistant manager. i'm a senior.
i am the assistant manager for the regional manager of the regional office. what do you do?
no i don't.
lol. that's a good one. i am a fighter. i am a pro fighter
i just got back from my favorite store and i am hungry.
i was close to the gym so i went there
i like watching sports. do you like watching sports?
i'm a student
none taken, i am a student in college, i'm in the military
i do. i do like protein powder
do you have any?
i'm going to have my favorite item in the world.
i'm a big man.
hi, i am a bartender at a club that has a bar.
what do you do for work?
i'm a big time lawyer and i have a lot of paperwork to do.
how did you get into that?
i have my own company. my company is a company called the company of the company of the company
the company i work for.
i take care of my child when i can
i'm from arizona, how about you?
i'm in the united kingdom. i am in the middle of a kingdom.
what kind of music do you like?
i love to read. i've been reading for a while now.
i work at a marketing firm.
hello i've a cat named charlie
that is very nice of you to say. i don't have any pets either
i do too! i like the night air better than the night air.
i like folk music. i am listening to folk music and listening to folk music.
what kind of hoop earrings do you need?
i've earrings
what is your favorite jewelry?
yes i have. i've.
what kind of music do you like?
oh yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm going to go out with friends and go out with some friends
i'm glad you like it
i'm a former school teacher and have been teaching for the last ten years.
i love my job and its very rewarding.
i work at a bakery. i work at a bakery.
i've a son and girl, how about you?
yeah, i know. i can imagine. i'm sorry to hear that
that's cool. i've autism. i'm in the school.
thank you, i'm blessed to have the skills to help my child.
i am so happy. i'm so excited!
yeah i train them so i can get away with something
i'm interested in photo session. what do you like to do?
i hate beets but i love beets
i'd love to take some photos of the mountains in the sunset
i'm ovo vegetarian and i am ovo vegetarian
i love raw veggies. i could eat raw veggies.
i like to sleep in on my days off
what do you do for a living?
i don't have a car so i don't drive. i drive a toyota camry and i
how long have you been in the wild?
i think i am going to go to sleep now.
what do you do for fun?
they are just too much for me.
that is cool. do you like halloween?
i am single and ready to mingle
what do you do for work?
wow, you are single. i am single.
they're young but they're smart
what is your favorite food?
i love mangoes, they are so good, i love to eat them
how old is she? i'm only 10 years old
i do. he is awesome. i love listening to gary human.
well, he's not a man, he is a ghost
what do you do for fun?
i don't work. i just don't work anymore.
it is going great. how are you?
i am a boxer. my favorite thing to do is go practice.
i am practicing to be a teacher. i am an expert at it.
i work in a very large office. do you like music?
i don't play but i do play at a musical school.
what kind of music do you like?
i need to focus on meditating
i try to focus but i am so stressed out.
what do you do for a living?
yes, that's what i like to do.
i'm sorry for your stress. i'm a student at college.
i don't know how to do that. what is the point?
i love fashion, i've never been shopping before
my life is perfect. i love it. i'm going to be a mom.
it has. i have been to india to study buddhism.
do you like to travel?
i understand that. i need to be more tolerant.
oh, i'm close to there. i'm walking home.
i've been wanting things since i was a kid
i've no idea what you are talking about
the fact that i lost my husband
i love them, but i still need to love them.
that's good. you should try it. you should try to feel stress.
hello mark. what is your name?
no, i'm not looking for a girlfriend
what is your favorite thing about it?
i've been watching too many movies,
i have to go to church to pray for my parents
no, i'm not a god. i'm just a normal person.
i've been bullied a lot and it hurts so much
i don't blame you for that
well, i really like men, but i'm not sure.
i love you and i really love my dog.
i've been to church, it is a good place to pray.
i know. i am a christian myself.
what do you do for a living?
i'm the perfect example of him.
i don't know what to say to that
i'm not a believer in the bible. i'm a christian.
okay that's good to know
i think so, too. i think he is a despicable man.
oh, do you have any pets?
they will come around. i am not sure how they will react to my life choices
what happened to them?
i am good, i just got back from my walk on the beach. i just got done walking
i love concerts
i can't fit well in the chair
yes, i swim and swim. i'm not too good at it.
i'm in the middle of a project on ibm. i've a lot of work
that is cool. i play the cello. i'm a student.
well that's great! i like basket ball games
that's cool i am in college right now
yes that is true. i love cars and cars are great
i don't like to be a loner. i'm a loner. i'm a loner
i know. i was at the zoo today and there are a lot of dogs there.
blue is my favorite color, but i'm not sure if i like blue
good luck! i hope you have a great trip
i am a self employed lawyer. how about you?
i love cooking. i'm also a chef
i'm not much of a collector
i'm a taker. i'm a taker. you?
i'm not a fan of food lol
i love the outdoors. do you like the outdoors?
i love to read, especially in my garden
no, just some dust and dust... but i'm afraid of the dark
that's awesome! i'm so proud of you!
i've watched it many times
i am a night owl. i wish i could sleep more.
i can teach you some spells. i can teach you some too.
that sounds good, i love pizza
i am jason and i am a male.
hello, i am beth. i am also a baker.
that is good. i've been working on my new project, working on a project
i am not sure yet. i am looking for someone who can help me.
cool! i am a bio chemistry major.
it is my favorite holiday, but i have not been to many holiday events.
i like to play sports. i also love to play basketball.
i love sports, i love to play soccer. what do you do?
wow, you must be good at it. i am a gymnast
i'm a gymnast, i can not do that, i'm just a little bit
i'm into some rock bands
hi mary i'm a california girl
that would be awesome i could go smoke between my 3 jobs
i've not tried it yet. i don't have the patience for it
haha but they would think i had to do it
oh okay, do you ski?
that is so cool. i want to be a baseball announcer one day.
i like to hike and listen to music
that's pretty cool. do you like toking?
i don't watch him often. i watch the news
no i am single. how about you?
oh wow that is a bummer
congratulations. i love my girl and i am going to propose to my best friend
cool.
no i have not
i have not read a book by david copperfield
i'm a book person myself. i've a lot of books.
that's cool. do you have any pets?
and a tale of two cities is great, i can relate
yeah. i do. do you like them?
hi, my name is bob.
well i am listening to them right now
that's interesting, i'm sure you have a lot of things to do.
i like to eat some of everything. i like to eat meat and potatoes.
i'm baking cakes for my husband and i bake for him
hi jane, i'm chad and i'm studying journalism
cool. i'm jane, i'm from europe
that is great! i love dogs
that's a beautiful name. i have a maltese named paris
i love red hot chili peppers peppers.
i love tupac too, i love it so much
well, he's my baby, he's the best.
what do you do for a living?
i'm a big dog and they're huge dogs
i like to hang out with friends and hang out with my friends.
that's nice of you. i'm not that nice i just enjoy watching movies alone
i really like surfing
we are moving to a new place.
wow that's a long way to travel
i'm 20 years old and my dad is 24
yes pizza is what i like. pizza is what i really like
i like to drink when i can
i am sure you are, you are so nice to me!
yeah i just got back from my long walk with my two sons.
they are four and five. how old are they?
what do you do for a living?
i am an artist. i love art.
that is nice. what do you do for a living
that is why i am a bit nervous
i'm great. i just finished working out.
i am good. just got back from baking. what are you up to?
i am good at hiking and hiking and hiking. do you hike?
my favorite thing to do is go hiking and enjoy the outdoors.
i'm in love with you. what are you up to today?
i'm a soldier, i'm an officer in the military
i like the blues and blues
i like music, but not rock music.
yes i do, i live in a state of tennessee.
wow. i've not gone hiking in a while.
i'm a marketing salesman at a store, i'm on my way to sales.
oh cool, i'm in the air force also
yes, i like it too, it is great to be outside
i am fine. i just got back from a walk in the woods.
that is great! i'm on vacation with my family
oh wow! i've never traveled before
you sound like a frustrated parent. i have two voices.
i was just thinking about singing in the choir.
i love my husband and my second voice, but we have a second voice.
no i didn't. i was a good student.
oh, i'm sorry to hear that. did you graduate?
hello, i'm from ny
i love to spend time with my family as well
my car is an old chevy.
i am getting ready to go back to work. what are you up to?
i just got back from the golden arches
i just bought some cheese and some bread
what do you do for a living?
i think it is. what do you like to do?
i wish i had a house on the beach
i know. it is a nasty allergy. i am sorry.
i like to listen to music, especially music from the beach
i like to dance at concerts, i have never been to a concert
i love teaching my students
that's nice. i'm a nonprofit employee at a nonprofit.
country music, i like all kinds of music, country, country and country
that sounds like a lot of fun. what kind of music do you like?
i'm doing great. what are you doing?
good just getting ready to go to work. how about you?
i love dogs.
i'm packing for a vacation in paris, paris is where i am headed.
dogs don't like poodles. they like to chew up my poodles
i spend my time reading and listening to music
where are you going to go?
that is nice. i'm not very good at opera. i am more of a musici
where do you work?
do you like opera? i love it.
i live in california
i live in the south in the usa and you?
i used to live in nevada, nevada, nevada
i'm great! i'm so hungry that i just ate all my favorite food.
i love good steaks, but i'm not very good at grilling.
i like to sleep in my pjs. it is my favorite time of night.
that's cool. i'm a great swimmer, and enjoy swimming.
i am a fan of his books.
i am working on a bachelors bachelor bachelor bachelor.
i'm an mba student in college. what about you?
that's great! what kind of work do you do?
you are welcome. i'm not sure what i would do without you
i am fine how are you?
i'm good. how are you?
i have been here for 2 weeks. i've been in california for 2 months.
i like to play with my new toys. i am a programmer.
i am a dancer.
what kind of crime novels do you like?
i don't understand. do you have a job?
well, i'm a married man.......
i am an aspiring actor.
it is beautiful here. i love california.
i have not seen my dog in a while.
i'm doing great. just got back from walking my dog.
how are you doing today?
i love to play sports. do you like sports?
so you are an electronic expert?
i love cooking delicious meals!
i'm sorry. i'm so sorry to hear that.
i work for a company. i'm an engineer.
that's cool. free time is great. i spend all my time with my friends
what do you do for a living?
i bet that you are a big fan of animals. i am a little one, i love animals
i've a big family, a big family, and a big family.
i'm good. how are you?
oh, that's great. i've two kids.
it was a blast. i'm a fan of music.
i'm not a big camper fan, i'm more of a hiker
i'm sorry to hear that. i am only 18 and i still feel like i am in
me too. i'm a hiker
me too. i wish i could do that. i wish i could be able to do that.
i don't have time to do much. i enjoy playing sports and playing sports
i love listening to music when i can. i love listening to music when i can.
well, i love rock and roll, and you?
i'm good. i am doing good. just listening to some music.
oh, i'm sorry to hear that. do you like country and classic rock?
me too. i am a little obsessed with genres. i love reading and reading.
i'm doing very well. how are you?
i am good. how are you?
i do! i love to eat sweets too
i also like vegetarian, but i also like to go hunting and hunting. i love to eat meat
i like spinach and spinach salad. spinach and spinach salad
i am a good listener.
i can do a lot of things but not alot of things.
do you like to travel?
why not? i love to play with my dog. he is a yorkie.
because i'm a little girl and i'm a girl. i am very pretty.
i'm not sure i'd do that. i'm not sure what to do.
i'm doing well how are you?
i am good. just listening to some music. i love country music
well i'm doing ok taking a break from homework, its the homework i'm worried about
i am in school. i am a student at ucla.
wow that's awesome
i hope so. i'm not going to go there but i hope you will!
that's great. do you have a favorite food?
i'm sure you will, i've a lot of fun.
i don't know if i can do it. i've no money.
i went to europe once but i never returned to europe.
i hope so, but i've a hard time getting my grades up.
i don't, i like to play sports
i am a nerd too!!
it is going great. what are you up to?
i am good and you?
you are a shopping shopper? you must be so smart.
oh i'm sorry i was thinking of fish. do you like to fish?
how about fishing?
i don't have a family either. i've a brother and sister.
i love kids
i take my 3 sons and 3 grandchildren on my boat a lot.
yeah, i wish i had a boat. i wish i had a boat
i like to play video games. do you play any sports?
i have been doing that since i was a little girl. i love the ocean, especially the ocean
i'm a guy who is just a guy
my parents are lovely, but i am still very alone.
i am glad to hear that. i've 3 brothers and two sisters.
what do you do for a living?
wow, that's amazing! how old are you?
it was a very exciting day!
yes it is, it is.
i am not, but i am christian. do you believe in heaven?
you are. i am not christian either.
i live in new york, i love shopping. do you like shopping?
do you like to play?
i live in the united states, how about you?
i live in the south, in a very small town called algiers. you?
i'm good. how are you?
i'm doing great. how are you?
i am great! i am doing great. just got back from the gym.
you are welcome. just got back from a long hike.
well, i've a date with a new boyfriend.
that's nice i like cleaning and making things ready to bake
it was very nice talking to you!
i'm a big fan of the buffalo.
that's true. i need to try it.
i'm a mom i am a mom
i bet you have a good time?
i am an old lady. i am old enough to be retired.
that's great. i do 60 hours a week so i get to spend a lot of time
good, just hanging out with my friends
hello. i'm doing great. just getting ready to start my makeup video.
what is the new table?
i'm a little shy but not that crafty.
i like to do diy stuff too
yeah, i know how that feels. i wish i could build stuff.
i play a lot of sports, i like to play sports. i like to play soccer.
i like to run. i am a runner
that's awesome. i've bowled at least 100 times, my first time.
i'm a pilot and i'm really excited for the first time in my life.
that's great!
yeah, i just want to go back to work.
why did you do that?
i am good and you?
i was up late. i had a bad night.
no, i have no kids. i've no kids.
lol! yes! how many do you have?
i have 5 children too
i am doing okay. how are you?
how long have you been in the military?
i'm not sure. i don't have a lot of experience with that.
that's great! i am watching for cameras.
that's a good thing. i'm afraid of the chickens.
you got it right. i just don't think i can. i need to find a new
i'm a mom, but i don't have a lot of time for kids
i like to go out and socialize
that is good. i just finished my dairy farm.
not really. it is more like i help out the cows.
well that is cool. i'm not sure what to do with my family.
i don't know, i don't have any.
i'm an accountant, i am a banker.
hello, i am mary, how are you?
i like to go to the movies, and do things like that
i like kayaking and kayaking, too.
i'm in texas, my life is in texas. i'm in texas.
hi there. i am rick.
i'm ok, how are you?
i'm good and you?
i am a banker in boston. i'm good at finance.
i'm in the er. how are you today
i've got a car and a friend that i can take you to.
i am busy, busy. busy. busy. busy. busy. busy. busy!
yes, it does, but not the lifestyle i currently live. i've been living in a
do you like music?
i know, but i don't want to be a tax collector, i just want to be free
i love to play sports
i am doing well. just relaxing. i'm watching the news.
what is it you do?
that is cool! i'm a nurse at the hospital
i did. i went to school in high school.
that's a great idea! i love nursing and work as a nurse at the hospital
that's cool. i just got a new job, i'm a cashier at a bank
i'm in wisconsin. where are you from?
www www www www www www www www www www www www www www www www
that is cool, do you have any hobbies?
that is very nice of you. i'm sorry about that.
it was bad. but it was worth it, because my husband and i were there.
i got to see my plumber after the plumber broke it.
i never had sushi, but i had a terrible experience with sushi.
i am doing well and yourself?
that is awesome. i need a credit card.
it is. i'm not a fan of shopping
i love fashion
what kind of things do you write?
i do. i don't. i don't work. i'm employed.
i am single too. i just got my new job
i'm sorry. i'm sorry you have to do this.
i love green. i love the color green. i love green
lol i am sorry to hear that. i don't like my sister either.
i'm sure you are correct. i've not really had a chance to look at glitter
i like fashion, especially in the style of clothes i love.
i am really into it.
i am from texas. how are you?
i live in the west coast with my cat.
i have a new baby boy!
oh really? i read biographies to pass out.
that is a good thing. i need to work overtime at the office.
i will. i love to enjoy every minute!
not really, i'm into baseball, do you play sports?
metallica!!! metallica!!!!!
yes, i work in the home
i like to cook with rice and chicken, i'm a vegan
i work from home. i am a cook.
i'm good, i am good, how are you?
i am good. what about you?
nice. i've been playing soccer since i was 10.
oh nice! i've been watching ballet since i was a child.
my ballet is just so beautiful.
i work for a real estate agent
i am a professional accountant. i'm a good job
i am a interior designer.
i guess it is. what do you do for a living?
i get to be extra creative. i wish i could do that.
i don't think so. i've a lot of homework.
that is good. i love to draw.
i love painting
i'm good just finished working at the garage
my favorite band is the beatles
i like fishing too! i just got back from the park.
sounds fun. i'm going to build a computer!
that's good, i can build a car for you, i can build a new computer.
what kind of friend is it?
i'm currently in college, and i'm studying for a test
that is great, i moved in with my boyfriend after we had an affair
i like to play with my dogs.
i like to ride my horses and ride them around the ranch.
i am a country girl, i like country music, i like country music
i live in the country and love it.
i love to have forest walks in the woods, do you?
hey, its going good. just got back from my run with the kids.
i am doing great, how are you?
i just started playing a guitar, what are you up to?
i love makeup, i am trying to get my own makeup done!
i have seen it happen to too many people, i'm scared of it.
i'm not a fan of beauty classes. i love watching tutorials online.
that is true. i wrote a article about how girls are prettier without makeup.
i have a few friends. i have some friends.
i saw a lot of girls go overboard with makeup on.
i am sorry to hear that. i've a girlfriend.
yes, i do. i dance a lot.
i like to go out to eat and party.
i love to go clubbing
i am doing well. how are you doing?
i'm doing great, how are you?
i'm ready to play some music too
i like the stuff that is all about the weather. i love the weather. i love the weather
i like to play a lot of guitar. what do you do?
i love the voice of music
i don't. i don't have any hobbies. what about you?
what kind of museums do you visit?
i bet you like to race! i don't.
i don't like to travel but travel is fun.
i need to eat fast food. i am starving.
hi, i'm good how are you
i am well. how are you?
what is your favorite color?
you should try it. i've been smoking pot for 20 years.
oh i love listening to music, i'm listening to some music.
i like country music. i'm a country kind of person.
i hate my job. i hate it.
i listen to it all the time.
i like to eat all kinds of food. what about you?
i like blue. i'm a vegetarian so i don't eat meat.
i love meat!!!!!!!!!
i love meat. i love meat.
i like to grill grill a lot. i love grilling. i love to grill hamburgers.
fish. i like fish and steak more than steak.
i love fish! i love fish, especially steaks
i like to go fishing and go fishing with my wife
i have never been fishing, but i'm more into fishing than fishing.
i don't cook much, but i do cook a lot,
i am a terrible cook. my husband was a terrible cook.
i don't know what you mean. do you have any hobbies?
i hate cats. i hate cats. i hate the smell of them.
i wish i could be happy. i've a problem
i've a pet cat. she's a big cat, she's purring.
that is awesome i played with stray dogs
i am doing good, just finished eating breakfast. how are you?
i'm ok, i am just taking a break.
it was great. i love going out on the town
i love metallica and pumping iron
that sounds intense! i don't run...... but i love to run.
i love to go to the gym, it is relaxing
yes, he is my best friend. he is my best friend.
i love chicken and rice, what is your favorite dish?
i like to eat out and watch tv.
i read autobiographies after a good night sleep.
i love autobiographies, especially autobiographies.
yes, i have. and i've seen a lot of blood moon.
i don't know. i just know it is very late.
i was born under two, and i am married with two children
i have two, they are very nice and i'm a normal dog lover
no, she lives with me and my dogs.
my dog is very nice and i miss him so much
i don't. i hike. i love hikes, especially hikes!
i'm in the process of collecting the sand, but i've some left over.
that would be great. i would like to do that.
it is nice to be surrounded by nature.
no siblings, just two. we are twins
i'm only 2 years old and i've not even had a christmas present yet
i am a professional professional programmer. i'm a programmer.
i like to read and read.
hi there, i like making coffee, i love making coffee.
i drink coffee when i watch the discovery channel
i make coffee and brew beer for a living
i know what you mean, i love to cook, my favorite food is pasta and pasta
i don't really like people.
i like iphones. i'm an android android.
i have a new iphone only android.
what do you hate?
yeah i prefer them
what? i was just joking.... you must be very serious.
i'm just playing with my cell phone.
i'm a hospital worker at the moment.
i work at a bar as a bartender
i do, i do sometimes. i'm a beer guy.
hi, how are you doing today?
we had a party, it was pretty great.
i've no idea. i don't know. i was not invited
she is really sick and can not walk.
that's good to hear, i'm very close to my mom, she comes to my
i can read, read, read and do yoga. do you like to read?
i like to watch sports. do you like to watch sports?
wow! stephen king is a good book! what do you do for a living?
i am glad to hear that! i'm so sorry to hear that.
i love thrillers, do you?
i'm a rock climber. i like climbing.
i'm a christian.
i was a linebacker for a big football team
i'm a vet tech
yeah it is, what do you do for a living?
it is alright. i'm not really sure what i'm going to do today
that's good to know
that sounds like a lot of fun. i'd love to write a book about writing
i'm a writer. i write poetry and write poetry.
i've to take my mind off things
i need to get some seeds
that sounds exciting. i want to write erotica too.
i'm looking for a new job
sorry to hear that
i would love to. i'm not sure yet though. i am not sure if i can
yes i would.
nice. i like to read a lot.
you have a dream? you work with animals?
cool.
cool i have a small binder with a pony and ponies on it
i am a 21 year old man, my age is 21
we are the same age. i'm 32 years old and you?
i live in a city. how cool!
i am a dental hygienist.
oh, okay... i'm actually a night owl. i'm a night owl
i know that's a problem. i need to eat more alot
i like to ride my bike. i also like to eat healthy foods
i've been up all night. i'm tired.
i'm.
i need to lose some weight more. i'm a fitness buff.
i'm doing well. how are you?
i'm good, listening to some jazz right now.
how many games you play?
i am playing the game of thrones.
i love to read. i love to read. i love to read about mario kart
i don't know. i have a black belt in martial arts.
its a nice day for that.
yeah, i just got home from the bar.
i love watching you in action, its very good for your health
what do you do for a living?
i'm sorry. i'm alone with my parents.
i'm 32 years old
oh wow, i've been a couple of months in this year
i am great! i just got back from the gym. i just finished working out
i am good, just sitting here watching tv
it is a great job, i'm a tech tech. i am not a tech tech,
ok. i would really like to make it a joke
he's. how are you doing?
i'm sorry to hear that. one thing i've found about myself is that i like
i'm a full time student. i am a student. i've to be in school
that's cool. i deliver packages to a lot of people
haha its true i can see how that would make me feel.
hi! i like black shirts too.
hello how are you?
no i don't. i just like to sing.
i am shy too. i am shy and shy about myself.
i sing a song about the war and how many people died in the war
i see. what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
no, but i've two dogs. i've a dog too.
a lab chihuahua, i have a lab.
no, i don't, i am not very good at it.
i'm not into games. i am not into games. i am more of a game person
it is not about you, it is about me.
i don't have time for music. i'm not very good at it
i'm not sure if i should.
yes. i like to listen to music.
yes, i would love to have her
i think that is good. i'm more in to the country.
i'm a smoker too, my cigarettes suck so i just smoked a couple packs a day
i like to surf.
i don't really like meatloaf.
i'm fine thanks for asking
i would like to be a professional professional professional professional professional
you need to be the person you are. the person you are so proud of.
i'd want to be a hippo!
i'm sorry. i didn't know about that.
that is ok. i wish i could be there with you.
hey there, how are you?
wow that's great. i'm sorry to hear that.
everything is fine. how about you?
oh no! i am so sorry to hear that.
i'm so sorry too. i know it is scary for you.
yes, the world is a cruel place
i like to play when i am not working. i am a musician.
oh. i see. you play?
i love moped, my moped is pink.
i am in the united states
i'm from canada, where are you from?
i'm in the us too. i am a traveller.
i've some good burritos, i love them, i've a lot of good
i'm just a meat eater
i like watching netflix but mostly watching tv. what about you?
i am a dealer. i have been in a lot of netflix.
why not? i love all streaming services.
oh my gosh, that is a lot of work.
how is your day going?
that sounds like fun. i'm an opera singer. i love opera.
i'm doing great. just got back from playing a game of football
i was playing for my school football team
wow. you sound like a lot of fun.
i work from home, but i'm also a professional gymnast
i am a student at nyu, what about you?
i am a business owner. my business is a business owner.
no i am in export export business. do you have any hobbies?
i've a friend who is a tech tech
i've been working on my fields for years now. it pays well.
that is awesome! do you own it?
i have been studying dentistry since i was a kid, and i'm studying to be a
hi how are you?
i've 3 dogs and i named mine maddie.
i like to listen to music while listening to good music
i live in florida. how about you?
i like her, she is the best singer i have ever heard
hello, i'm my name is megan. how are you?
i work at a retail store as a cashier at a retail store.
i am still in school, my only choice is science
i love concerts and concerts. concerts are great.
i make a lot of money with my high paying job, i make a lot of money, i
yes! it is! i have been working on the business since i was a kid.
i am good. just got back from a run.
i don't have one. i'm alone and a single parent
i stay at home and take care of my parents. i am a stay at home mom.
i am sure you have lots of friends. i love being friends with my friends.
i like to spend time with friends and i like to spend time with my friends.
i dress up like a clown. i like to dress up like a clown.
i enjoy cooking for them, especially when they cook for me
i love baking cakes and cupcakes, i also want to be on cupcake wars one day
i hope so. i just have so much time left to do what i want to do.
i am going to watch a reality show, i love it!
do you like to watch face off? i love it!
ok, i'm only one friend. i want you to be my friend.
that is good, do you have any hobbies?
i'm so sorry, i love race you!
well that's not good.
what happened to you?
i've been in a place called los angeles and i want to move out of this place
no problem, i will go to my bathroom and wait for you.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i'm sorry to hear that
no, they are just being mean to me. i'm not a good person
it is okay. i'm a teacher and i'm a teacher. i am sure you
i should, but i don't have a job
i'm going to do something i want to do. i'm going to do it.
nothing. just listening to some music.
it is good, just got home from work. how about you?
i don't have a dog. i've a cat
i have a dog named pug. what is your name?
i understand that, but i have to go to work soon
i've one. he's a dragon. i've one.
oh that's very nice. do you have any pets?
i like to play a lot of games. what do you do?
she's a makeup artist! i am a mom, i'm a makeup artist!
i'm an accountant. i'm a lawyer. what about you?
hi! i'm doing well. i'm well. how are you?
i broke my glasses yesterday and lost them in a hurricane.
i am going to be taking a nap. i need it.
i am in the west virginia desert. i'm in ohio.
i live in the northeast part of the united states
san francisco is nice. i am in san francisco.
thank you! what are your hobbies?
i'm a student at the university of chicago. what are you up to today?
i would love to learn more about you.
i'm glad you are having a good day. do you surf?
i study the subject of physiology.
i'm good how are you
i am doing well. just fine. how are you?
i don't exercise but i do exercise everyday.
i want to be a professional eater like you!
oh my gosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm not fat, i'm just a college student.
i am from the united states. how about you?
hello how are you doing today?
cool. i'm from indiana and i'm from indiana
i've never been to china, but i've heard it is amazing.
yes, my dad moved back a few years ago. what do you do for a living?
i believe in them.
i have never heard of it. i love the band.
hello sarah! i'm sarah, how are you today?
hi, i like music. what about you?
i love to listen to music while i walk
hello. i love music. what do you like to do?
what kind of music do you like?
i like to practice my violin and my pomeranian dances.
nice. i've a chihuahua and a chihuahua
wow!!! i bet you win a lot of competitions.
thank you! i am a good listener.
my name is keith and i am a fan of sedona sedona.
i want a dog but i'm not sure if i would want to get one
she's a teacher, she taught me how to play piano
i love singing in the shower, that's what i do in the shower!
i am good. how are you?
good. what do you do for fun?
i can not wait to get my apple martini and a book, what are your hobbies?
i cannot eat very much, so i am getting sick
i'm sorry to hear that. i will take care of her
i'm sorry to hear that. how old is your grandson?
i am a lady in my book club, i use it in my book club
yes i do. do you like tv?
i'm trying to find a place to live
i love watching movies. what do you do for a living?
well, i'm a bookworm, i'm a bookworm, i'm always
hello, how are you doing today?
i am great, how about you?
i am in the public sector of the government. its called the public sector.
i like history too
i like music too. i like the kind you like.
congratulations! how long have you been together?
i've not been to a good restaurant in a while. i'm really hungry.
it is. i am planning a wedding soon.
i am. i am. i've a lot of organizing to do.
i'm getting better at this. i'm thinking of a job.
my job is organized for me. i'm a secretary for the president of the united states.
pretty good, just got done eating some chicken. how about you?
just got back from a hike in the hudson. how about you?
oh my gosh, i'm a cripple! i'm sure you can get it fixed!
i didn't see anything, but i was able to see it. i don't think it
i do know how we are, do you like to do anything?
that's great! i'm in ny and just got back from a road trip
i bet that you like to write, how old are you?
i am sure you have a good plan.
what do you want to tell her?
no. i am just a guy. what about you?
it is. i have been here for a while.
yes. i am not a millionaire though. i'm a millionaire.
i'm not one either
not much just hanging out with my friends.
i'm good. i am just getting ready to go to the park
yes i've shot archery and shoot in the range
i'm also known as a weirdo, but my parents were supportive when i was younger.
oh really? what do you do for fun?
wow i like orange. i love to dye my hair orange and blue.
i work in an office i'm an assistant
hey, i like to skate. i'm pretty good at it.
i am a student. i am studying for my masters in education
i go to the park a lot, but i don't like it.
yes, my house is a good one, where i live.
i am good. how about you?
i am doing good, i am good. i just got done working on my new book.
no i don't have family. i've a friend who's a friend
i'm still alive.
wow, i'm sorry to hear that
i like to go to the movies with friends
yes, i play the piano. i play a lot of music.
i am not sure what you mean by that.
my name is samantha. how are you doing today?
my name is mary and you?
i'm a nurse at a hospital
i work as a factory worker, that's why i work for the factory
wow, that is cool. i like to play in my band.
i am great and you
hello, i just got home from work. what are your hobbies?
i love to ride the parks. i'm the only person in nyc who likes to ride
i ride my bike with my bike
wow. do you have any pets?
that is nice of you to say. i am looking forward to having a family of my own.
it is not bad. just relaxing and enjoying a nice night.
i'm trying to find a good spot to meet up with a couple.
its going great, what are your plans for the weekend?
i'm doing good. i am working on my factory
many????
i've a day off from work. i have to go to work later.
i'm trying to work on my work
my friends will be able to help me find someone special. i'm looking for someone special
i sell encyclopedias and sell them for a living.
that's okay. just the idea of being single with a guy like me makes me want to
i like macaroni and cheese. i like macaroni and cheese.
i bet you are a pro gambler, i bet you are very good. i bet you have the
i love vegas. i am going to vegas with my friends.
yes it is, especially with my family.
i don't have any rocks. i don't like rocks.
i would love to visit vegas one day
i've been there for a few years.
i used to work at the grocery store
hi, i'm a single mom of 2 kids
that is awesome.
no, they don't have any. i have koalas in the circus.
i think that they're more like family than people. i think they are better than most people
its a lot of fun. i like to work at the circus.
i'm a country music fan. i am also a country music fan.
i prefer country music
how do you feel when it comes to the ocean?
it is fun to relax and relax with my roommate
my brother is a clown, he is a clown too!
i love them! i also love them!
i live in utah. i love surfing, but i'm not very good.
i live with my roommate in virginia.
hi sandy, i am a retired officer.
haha that's a great job. i work at a box factory.
hello! how are you today?
i travel a lot and am still in school.
my fave color is blue. how about yours?
i love the color red
i listen to a lot of aerosmith. do you have a favorite band?
that's awesome. i am a great actor.
what do you do for a living?
i'm a navy seal
i'm in the army, so i am in the army.
yeah i do. my life is a wreck.
yeah i'm sorry to hear that
i am doing okay, how are you?
i'm good. just thinking about my dinner plans for tonight
do you live in a house or a house?
i feel that way. i feel incomplete. incomplete. incomplete. incomplete.
what is your favorite color? mine is green.
they would like that. my two boys would love that.
i work as a cashier at a bank. i work at a bank.
what do you do for a living?
i live in washington, dc.
you have a dog? i love dogs!
nice, i am in florida.
well, it is. i like to go out on dates and see other people.
well, i'm single and lonely and don't have a lot of friends.
i get so many kids i love them
do you have any kids?
how many kids do you have?
i love to write poetry. i love to write poetry.
wow, that is a lot of work. i play violin
i love to cook for my friends. i like to create vegetarian recipes
hi there, i'm ted. how are you today?
i'd love to go back to school one day
that's good to know. i was a freshman freshman when i was in high school
i'm doing good and yourself?
i'm fine. just thinking about going to the beach.
i'm a bit of a hiker. i'm from cali.
i like to read as well.
wow, i have never heard of that band.
i play on the computer in my spare time
i'm a lead guitar player
i do have 5 brothers and sisters
i'm the oldest child and you?
i work for a company.
i am studying music. i love music. what do you do for a living?
sure i'm not too busy.
i made a very good steak, i was making potato salad and potato salad,
that's great! i love filet mignon and chicken salad.
i love cooking! i'm not very good at it
how do you feel about her?
its where it is at where it is at. what do you do for fun?
i like to play with my dog, and read, and read.
paris is where i am going to go!
i speak french, but french is my language.
what is your favorite thing to do?
that's awesome. i have a parrot.
i'm allergic to dogs.
i'm allergic to peanuts. i love to eat peanuts.
i'm good. how are you?
well that is good. i am not sure i like electricity
yes, it is. do you like it?
oh no. you mean you are scared of the road?
i'm. i'm trying to escape from a zombie
no i have not.
i don't know. i don't know.
i've been watching a bit of youtube
i don't. i work in finance. what do you do?
i love typing
i love editing and day trading
i'm sorry to hear that.
i do it with my friends and family.
hi how are you doing
i'm a student in college, and i don't have a job yet. i am a
i am so very small.
a baby is just a baby.
what do you do for a living?
i think they like it. i am sure they love it.
how long have you been in love with them?
i am sure they're!
well, for starters, i can use the pool, which is great because i love to swim
how are you today?
so you can go on joyriding, right?
i like to get out and do my own thing. i love to do the outdoors.
i don't like tacos, but i like tacos!!!
hi, i'm mary. how are you?
that's a good one!
i like it, i am nancy and i'm not a fan of it.
i work at a clothing store. i work at a clothing store
i'm a girl, so that makes me a girl.
i had a business empire that went back to the way it was.
yes i'm my brother. i'm a very busy guy.
that is cool. i'm in mexico.
i wish i had siblings... i have no siblings.
its going good. just got home from work.
cool! what do you like to do?
i love dogs. what do you do for a living?
i love dogs. i've a dog named charlie.
what do you do for a living?
mine is black too, my favorite color is black
i work at a vet office.
you sing for a punk band? i am not a punk fan.
thank you! what do you do for fun?
i love animals! they're the best!
i bet.
i understand that. do you have any allergies?
i'm so sorry to hear that. i've a dog and a dog.
hello, i'm just sitting here thinking about my new job. how are you?
i'm playing with my dogs and cats. what about you?
how are you doing today?
you sound like you are in a good mood. i am not, i'm a big pizza
i love salad, especially with veggies and veggies. i love to eat veggies, what about you?
i live in louisiana. i love salads. i'm in louisiana.
i live in the west coast, i have a family in the west
do you like quake?
i play online games,
oh my, that is cool. i am a friend of yours!!!
i need to make friends. i need friends like you.
i am good, how are you?
i am doing good. just playing some retro 386 games.
what kind of music do you play?
i'm pretty clumsy, i get ink stains all over my shirt.
they are stains from the rain.
i like to play with my pocket protectors
what kind of stamps do you have?
i love to play retro games and play retro games.
i love gaming. i also enjoy it. what do you do?
i know that feeling, i've been in a lot of suspenders
i do. i wear suspenders all the time.
i don't like him much. i've to keep my pants up.
i like all kinds. i like pop, country, and country.
hi hows it going
i'm so glad you are okay
yes i volunteer there at the community center
what do you do for fun?
i work for a lawyer, and i've a big law firm.
i'm a student, but i love dancing to live music
i'm a accountant so i have a lot of time to think about things
well that is cool. i'm just a kid and not sure what to say.
yes i learned it from my father who taught me it
i think i am going to pass out from the pain.
i like pop n r b n n c, what about you?
what kind of music? i love to dance.
i see. i'm just a girl.
i'm doing well. how are you?
i am doing ok. i am just getting ready for work.
that is so cool. i like to chase my toddler
do you have any kids? i have a daughter and husband.
that is too bad. i'm not a big fan of him
wow, you have a lot of friends.
wow that's a long time!
i don't have any time to play much. i'm too busy playing halo.
lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol
i am shy too. i don't have much time to make eye contact
i'm a distributor for the local grocery store. i also sell budweiser, and
you have a dream job? i do too.
yeah its ok, i like to play the guitar
i'm in the library with my homework
you should get a job with the team.
i love soccer too. i'm not very good at it.
i'm an accountant, and you?
what do you do for work?
its not fun fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact fact
i'm tall too but i'm also short so i'm a bit taller
i enjoy hiking and hiking as well
i've travelled to italy and france
i am sure you would enjoy it!
i'm sorry to hear that. i love to fish
i like to hike, i love to do it with my friends
oh no. that's terrible!
i'm doing ok, just taking a break from playing the piano. what are you up to
i'm doing good. just getting ready to watch tv. you?
what do you do for a living?
i just wish i could remember things better
i'm trying to find a new job, i'm in college
i don't watch much tv but i love spongebob. i'm a pro swimmer.
i'm not much of a tv fan either
that is awesome, i like nachos and cheese too.
lol i'd rather watch a movie with popcorn and sprite
i'm the first person to come to the store this morning
do you have any hobbies?
cheese is my favorite food
it would be great to have a huge family and a large family!
i am doing great, how about you?
i'm great. i just got back from a walk.
i love the color of my iphone 7 7 7 7 7 7
i love it
i love hot chocolate. i am a big fan of hot chocolate.
i am so sorry for that. i wish you were here
yes, i am allergic to all things related to allergies. what do you do for work?
you have a car?
i have an unusual feeling about it.
i'm in utah, how about you?
that's so cool. do you read a lot?
i am doing good. how are you?
i am great and you?
i'm a nurse at a hospital in utah.
i am a college student in nyc
that is cool! do you work on computers?
i did not study any major in school. i'm not a very good student.
how long have you been working for?
i love studying and i am also in college
i am sorry for your loss
what do you do for a living?
i'm not afraid of spiders, but i'm scared of spiders. how are you?
good, just got back from a walk in the woods
i've been playing tennis since i was 6
i'm a country boy
i've a job at a bar and i am looking for a job.
i'm not just with my dogs
oh i'm so sorry. i have a pug named corky.
i'm not sure. i'm a bit confused.
sure, i'm single too. i'm looking for someone to go out with.
i am sorry to say so. i was only joking.
i like to go out on dates with my dates.
i love him
i'm a deaf guy, i've a deaf brother.
it is! i am in my mid to late forties. i am not a big fan of computers
i'm doing good. how are you?
fine. just got back from the gym. you?
thanks for your service
i'm fine... just chilling. what are your hobbies?
oh wow! how did you manage that?
nice! i love fall too. i love summer!
i work in a retail store. what do you do?
i am not working right now. i'm not getting out of here.
nice! i am a small business owner and i'm a small business owner
i'm doing well. how about you?
just watching some tv. how are you?
what do you do for a living?
i'm watching the president of the united states. he's about to come down.
wow! i love halloween. halloween is my favorite!
that sounds like a great plan!
yes it is! what do you do for a living?
i shot a bow once in high school
i've never shot a bow before. i've never fired a bow.
well i'm glad you are excited
yes, but i would rather not. i'm not a big hunter. i'm more
i'm not very good at archery. i'm too busy with archery.
no kids, just me and my wife.
i'm doing good, how about you?
i am not dancing. i am dancing to the music of my heart
i am trying to teach him to read, he is a very smart dog
he can say abc.
dance in the rain and rain. do you like to dance?
how is it going?
what kind of animals do you have?
wow that's a big coincidence. congrats!
you should go dancing with me!
i love dancing in the rain
i'm not. i'm single and have been for a while.
i want to be a teacher.
no, i am a dancer. you dance?
i'm great how are you
i am well and you?
i am ok. i'm also just a normal person
what are you doing?
i'm just thinking. how is your night going?
i am sorry. i'm sorry to hear that. i am also in debt.
i'm okay.
i'm trying to decide what i want to do
i am not done with school either but i'm going to college.
i like to go to the beach. it is pretty nice here
i am sure you are. i am sure you are doing well.
what do you want to propose?
i do, i know her well. we are both ready for each other.
yes, she's a real girl and i love her
yes, i'm going to the spring wedding.
yes, i am, but i'm not sure if i want to be.
that's good to hear. i've been doing physical therapy since i was a kid.
well, i got a little bit of a scare.
i'm sorry to hear that
i am sorry. i'm trying to help, and that's all i can do.
well, i'll have to ask my parents.
well, do you like to travel?
i'm a dancer, and you?
i'm a surgeon and enjoy watching it. what do you do for a living?
wow. seven feet tall! i have to go!
i love her. she has a big heart and big dreams
i love to cook for you, i am a chef and i am a chef
i'm a night owl and work out everyday
i make hot dogs for a living.
yes, i am in a restaurant in the city.
i really like hot dogs!
i love hotdogs
nice to meet you!
i am not sure. i don't have a favorite person. i'm not familiar with them
i like green. i love it when the weather is nice.
what is your question?
i'm sorry i've not seen you
i am good, just watching tv and eating some breakfast
i'm getting ready to go to school too. i'm going to be a teacher.
i'm studying italian literature. do you like to read?
i just got out of the army and now i am a lawyer.
i hear that
i like meat. i also like to eat meat.
you should try the skunk, i love dogs
lol...... i was just thinking that.......
portland oregon, oregon. i live in oregon oregon.
what are you doing?
i'm in portland oregon. i was born and raised in portland oregon.
i live near the ocean so that's pretty close
i've not been to the ocean in years, i have never been anywhere.
hello! i am kevin. what are you up to?
i am good. how about you?
good and you?
i love to play with my dogs and play with my dog. i love to play with my dog
nice. i am a college student too. what do you do?
i am going to be a doctor.
i am a biology major, i hate school
i like the play of the video game
i am a batman fan. do you like the batman comic?
i like music as well. i like red hot chili peppers. i love red hot chili peppers!
i don't have a favorite band either. i like twilight. what is your favorite book?
i love writing
i'm sorry to hear that
that's too bad. do you have a long walk?
that is great. i'm an expert on toes
yes, i'm really interested in that.
i hate the cold, but i do like to ski
i'm not sure. i'm pretty good at skiing.
no i don't ski. i don't like it.
you are scared of the unknown?
i love to travel and travel, what about you?
oh no. what do you do for fun?
i'm a parent, so i love reading green eggs and ham.
i have never been to a book store.
i think that would be a great idea
oh, i see. i've to go. thanks for the chat
what do you do for a living?
i love animals. i'm a vet.
i like to go swimming. i also like to go to the beach.
i am a manager at a store
i play the violin. i play the violin in the shower.
i sing in a band. what do you do?
i used to sing in church years ago. i used to sing in a church for a living.
i have not talked to them in over 40 years
my parents are fine. they are very nice
i am good, just got back from a long walk on the beach. you?
i am doing good. how are you?
i'm trying to be vegetarian too
i love to read and play sports.
hi, i'm in college, i'm in nursing.
i'm in love with a dog
what do you like to do for fun?
golden retriever. she's a golden retriever
what do you do for a living?
i am a baker, but i love baking, and baking for people
oh! i love to bake. i also bake cake for my birthday.
thank you. i am not sure what i will do after this. i just made a cake.
i love to play soccer. do you play?
i'm doing well, how are you?
i am good. i'm doing good, just watching some tv. you?
yes, i am a mechanic. what do you do for work?
i am a cashier at a store
that's good.
i'm not sure if i would want to go to the movies.
i've a secret to be about. i'm a criminal lawyer.
i'm the one who has the talent to act
thanks for the chat.
do you like to cook?
i want to be a doctor
hello, i am brad. i am a drummer.
i'm doing good. i'm jim and i am an empire addict.
well that's good, i am in a good mood. what do you do for fun?
i need a job
i wish i could visit her
i am not sure if i want to get a job teaching in school
no, i've no interest in spaghetti and meatballs,
i am so hungry i'm not sure what to do.
that's great, do you play a lot?
that's a good idea. i'm thinking of moving to mexico.
i am sorry to hear that. i went to church when i was younger.
i am good how are you
i am a drug addict, and i've a disability.
no, i'm good. i just got back from the bar.
i've never been to alabama. i am not sure what geology is.
i do. i do like food. especially fish.
do you like to eat? i'm actually kinda hungry.
well i am not sure if i could do that
yeah they do. do you want to go?
what do you do for work
i am a female cheerleader, you are a male
i am a mom of two kids
i'm good. how are you?
i am doing great, how are you?
i love rap music, i just got home from a concert!
yes i am a big old soul, and you?
i like to listen to music. i like to eat some vegetables and eat some foods that are not
my passion is writing a book about it. i have written a lot of novels
well, i write about the likes of the us, the great lord. i write about the great
i love to read the hobbit.
what kind of cars do you have?
i love working on them and working on them.
i would love to go to a fast car. where would you like to go?
i've not even tried that yet!
that would be awesome. i love 2pac, i think i would like to see max with
how are you doing today
i am good. how are you
i love to fish. i also love to go fishing!
yes, i caught a large amount of something.
what is your favorite thing to do?
i work in a publishing firm. i am a business owner.
i've been looking for a job but don't have any.
i hope you find something soon too.
its a violin, i like it, but i really like the violin
i am getting ready to go out with my friends tonight
not so much. i'm a big fan of chess. what do you do for a living
what do you do for a living?
yes, i love wearing everything i can find. what do you do for a living?
yes they do. i love the music and they love slow love songs.
i think we both know why i am into her
i like to eat fast food. i don't like to eat too much.
i like fish too, especially shrimp.
i'm doing well. just hanging out with my friends. you?
hi, i am just a surfer. how about you?
my paintings are of landscape landscapes
i listen to them all the time.
i love metal. metal is my favorite metal.
i've weird dreams when i watch them
that is a great way to relax
yes, i'm single, but i am looking for someone to marry
i'm sorry. i'm single... single and i am single and i '
i don't see myself tied down to anything, i see myself tied down to a chair.
you should start paying attention to yourself. you are so smart
i am listening to music while listening to music, what is your favorite thing to do?
wow that's nice i like to cook for my friends
i enjoy everything that i do.
what do you do for a living?
i will. how long do you think it will take?
oh my, that's great! i've two kids and i'm happy!
i like country and rap, but i'm not into rap. i like country music.
i am a lawyer. i work in a legal firm.
what kind of music do you like?
i am in insurance. i'm a doctor, so i can help.
i work in a recording studio
i'm a bit of a neat neat freak
i work at a retail store in nyc
i'm good. how are you?
what is the matter with you?
i have been working for a federal court court for the past few years. i'm not sure
that would be awesome.
i did not go to college because i did not like it. i got out of law school.
i hope you are happy!!! i'm so happy that my best friend is here!
my mom is not weird, she's just weird
no, but i am afraid of the dark. i've a lot of fear.
i've a judge that i've been watching. what do you do?
i like country music, country and country music. i like to listen to country and country music.
i like all music i listen to the beatles and the beatles
i love rock music
i don't like metal, but i like rock.
good. how are you?
i'm good. just hanging out watching tv.
i have a friend who is late picking me up,
me too. i'm always late.
i can not afford a car either.
you should try that. i am a personal trainer.
i'm taking a year off before i go to college
that's cool. i'm sorry about that.
i am 36, how about you?
hello, i'm chet. i am a writer for the times.
it was great but its a bit chilly there
what did you get married for?
i've to go play volleyball again. i have to be back to work soon.
oh i am sorry, i don't think i'm good enough for that.
no, i'm more of a raw egg kind of guy. what are you up to?
i've. i have never tried that before.
that is good. i just got done doing my nails.
it was nice talking to you
well it was a pleasure to meet you
well, i love being with you. i also love being with you. what about you?
i've a hobby.... i like to be alone with my thoughts...
oh, that's nice, i am not too happy about the job. i am a small
i am good how are you?
i am good hope you are well
i'm in florida. how about you?
i'm in hawaii now, enjoying some tropical breezes
i like to go to the movies and go to the movies. what about you?
yes i do. i also like playing the game of thrones
i have never been to a pool.
oh, cool. i'm swimming in the pool
i built a whole ocean filled aquariums for my kids.
i love to listen to them
i love movies. i'm a fan of maroon 5
i'm max. how are you?
hi there, i'm robert. how are you?
nice, i'm from maine, where i grew up
i like running. i love it! i run with my dog and my dog!
i don't know much about photography. i've a passion for photography.
i love to photograph wildlife, but mostly photography. do you like photography?
i am a runner.
i need a break from my job. i'm working as a lawyer for a lawyer.
about a year now. it is hard work, but rewarding.
i'm sure you will. i am sure you'll.
no i don't have any, i'm alone.
hello louis. i am paul. i am an avid reader and avid reader.
wow i'm so sorry to hear that
i love to read a lot. what about you?
i like to play guitar too. i'm a singer.
yeah i like music when i am reading
i'm a factory worker. i work 10 hours a day in a factory
yeah, i like to do it all the time. i love the outdoors, especially outdoors
no i don't but i've two kids.
yes i work for trains. i work with trains.
no, i've not been to many trains.
i am. do you like trains?
yes, but i've not been on one in a while.
what do you like to do?
i was trying to save money for a car but i was not able to. i had to get
no i don't like tomato. i love pasta and pasta.
i hate them, especially the gross things.
i love all types of veggies.
i used to cook a lot but now i just cook fast food.
lol i'm so sorry!
i do! my son and i love it!
3, 2, 3. they are so young. i've 3 boys and 3 girls.
yes! you are too young. i am just 14.
how old are they
i was just watching a little old movies
hello, i am a lawyer. i work for the court.
hello, i'm a marketing consultant. i'm a consultant for a company.
that is interesting. i'm a student studying business management at the moment.
i don't, but i'm vegan
i would love to! i'm too scared to even go there
i am in ny. i'm in the seattle area. how are you?
well, i'm a programmer, so i spend a lot of time working on the servers
i have been a buddhist for my whole life, and i feel like i'm a buddhist.
i'm learning to play guitar to be like him
i don't run, but i do like to run. i enjoy running at least once a week
i am not very good at running, i'm a runner
i love running, but i am not good at it. i like to run.
where do you like to go?
i like to play with my kid, he is my boy.
what do you do for a living?
mine is green. what is yours?
i like purple and purple, but purple is the color of my favorite color. i love the color
i love orange. my favorite color is yellow.
i like to listen to them too, i like to listen to them
i don't have any pets. i do have a cat.
i don't. what do you do for a living?
i love dogs. i've 2 dogs, one black and one white
i like rock and roll music. i like country and country.
i like classical music, classical is my favorite. i love bach and classical music
i like to play with my toys. what about you?
i read a lot about travel and travel
i work in a garage. i'm a mechanic.
that would be a lot of money to spend on me
that's great. i am a marketing marketing marketing assistant at a new office
i do enjoy it. i enjoy the culture and culture of the world.
do you have any hobbies?
hello. how are you doing?
hello. how are you?
i like to be outdoors, and outdoors is fun.
what kind of bike do you like?
what do you do for a living?
i hope so. i am always hungry, i want to be healthy.
i think i'm too thin to be healthy
oh, that's cool, what kind of food do you like?
no, i have to drive very far to get to work. i don't have a car.
i live in an off campus apartment with my roommate
i work at a grocery store and i work at a grocery store
how are you doing today
no, i just have to wait for it to open. i am a stay at home mom
dogs are great! i'm a dog lover!
i've seen you everywhere!
i love to go to the movies with my friends and go to the movies with them.
what do you do for work?
i'm at school all day so i'm in the park
i like country music
yes i have seen it all
oh no, i hope he doesn't find us.
i'm scared of heights
hi drake.
i've been to japan many times, but i'm not a fan.
what do you do for a living?
wow, i've been here all my life.
where do you teach?
that is a great thing to say, i'm from the us, we have a lot of
that is cool. what is your favorite song?
i'm 35 and still single
i'm in college
i love shushi, but i am not familiar with the word. i like to eat, like
i love cooking, i love to cook, but i live in miami.
its great, i love seafood. i love seafood as well
it is. i love the ocean. i have never been there before.
i'm doing well, just waiting for my friend to arrive. i'm a girl
i'm a little tired too. i am a little tired from the day.
no, i like to watch football, but i'm not good at sports.
i like football too! i'm into football, football is my life.
how old are you?
i'm sorry to hear that, i'm really good at catching things.
i'm a freelance journalist for the local paper
i am a freelance artist
i freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelance freelancer.
i love to write in my spare time
hi, i write for the daily paper.
i love romance novels. my favorite is romantic comedy.
i'm not sure i like science fiction.
hello! i am here with my husband. how are you doing?
good. i am well. how about you?
i am good and you?
i am a medical assistant at a hospital
i work in a grocery store
i'm going to ireland. i will be taking my wife and son to ireland
i do eat meat but i'm not that big of a meat eater
i'm a vegan. i have been vegan for almost 2 years now.
hey there, how are you doing today?
no, i have not, have you?
i did not but i never smoked cigs
well, maybe you can come with me to my new country.
i love driving my favorite car!
we will try that, we should go for it
no, it will be fine. i'm ready for my next tattoo.
i am a legal legal lawyer
hey, i am okay. i'm a huge fan of italian food
i don't have time to work right now
yes it is fun, do you have any hobbies?
i am looking forward to going to the beach.
i'm always online with friends online
just in general, i am a student
hey there, how are you?
hello, how are you today
i like hanging out with my friends.
i am an accountant for a huge corporation. i also have a job as a accountant.
i've been doing this for so long. i am only 16 years old.
i like to listen to music when i'm not watching tv
that's cool. i've a stray kitty.
yes, i work for a company that is hiring.
i've a hard time in the woods.
madonna is my madonna.
she is. she's a friend of mine.
i'm doing good. i'm watching the news. what about you?
i'm watching old movies with my wife. i am a little annoyed with her for not working
she is a professional musician. she works at a music store.
no i sell instruments for a living
wow, that is a lot of years. i am sorry to hear that.
yes, i've traveled a lot with the band, what about you?
yes, i hope to retire in florida, it is a beautiful place!
that would be great. i have always wanted to go to quebec, canada
i like to play with my brother. i play with my brother.
you should try yoga! i'm not that good!
i fight for the rights of animals, and i love animals
i am well. i am going to have a nice long shower.
i am not good at computer work. my computer is off.
i am into games. what is your favorite type of game?
you sound like a nice person. i think blue jello is a very nice color
i do, i read a lot, i read a lot
i do like long red hair
no, not really. i've a lot of friends and i've always been in the
i like asparagus and asparagus are my favorite foods
me too, i love ramen, especially when they're fresh
i'm a vegetarian, i love to cook
what do you like to do?
yeah i'm not very good at eating meat, i eat meat
i'm not sure. i'm a vegetarian so i've never tried one.
i'm doing well. just doing some homework. how are you?
i hate my job lol
what do you do for a living?
i'm a college student, i'm a senior
oh that's so cool. what kind of horse do you have?
what kind of horse do you want to explore?
i'm not too bad, i really enjoy horse riding
oh. i've been on a hose before
well, i wish i knew mine, i'm from ireland. i wish i knew my place
i am doing great, just got home from work. just getting ready for bed.
hi, i am on vacation
what do you do for a living?
i am, but i like tea too much to drink it
i am a big fan of red
i don't know about that. do you have a lexus?
i like to hike a lot, i'm afraid of snakes.
i'm not sure what to do with snakes
i love bugs. i like to run with them
hi there. how are you doing?
hello, how are you doing?
that is cool, do you have any pets?
i love to hunt. i also love to hunt, especially the large game.
i'm not a cat person. i'm a housecat and i'm an accountant
i'm a manager of a bank. i'm a banker.
i am a vet
that's what my husband does not like.
i'm sorry to hear that. what is your name?
i am good, how are you?
hello! how are you doing today?
i like to post on instagram and post on instagram. you?
i love soccer! i love soccer so much
that is cool. i love to run in the outdoors.
i am also obsessed with working out and working out.
hiking is my favorite. i love to hike and take walks.
i am not good at sports but i love basketball
i like to eat a lot of food. i love to bake
i'm a vegetarian so i eat veggies.
i can not eat burritos, i don't like them, especially burritos
oreos are my weakness. my weakness is oreos.
i have a cat named oreos. i love him
i am good. i just got home from work. i just got home from my job at the
good. just got back from a bus ride. where are you from?
i am fine, thanks for asking
oh ok, i drive a dodge truck, it is a dodge truck
i'm a teacher and i read a lot
that's cool. i've always wanted to be a nurse
i live in the city. i have never been to a city
i live in baltimore, fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl fl
chicago, il. i'm in the midwest, but i'm in wisconsin.
no, i've one on my back
you could do it
well, i'm an introvert, so i'm not very social. i don '
yes, i am pretty good at singing. i just love singing, it helps me keep my mind
i'm doing well. just relaxing with my friends. how are you?
i'm good, just watching some tv. how about you?
i'm glad you are okay
i've been there for almost two years, now i am not even sure what to do
well, i didn't get to see my irma at all
you should have seen the news. i was there myself.
i'm not sure. what do you mean?
how is it going today?
i've a few. i've studied languages in school.
no, but i do know a lot about you.
i can speak italian fluently.
that's great i'm just thinking about going to italy
yes, i have a dog and a dog.
sure. what do you do for a living?
nice. what do you do for a living?
i like to garden, what is your favorite dish?
i love video games and playing the game of thrones!
i don't play any games.
i have never heard of them
i live on the land in the states. i have goats and cows
you have a good memory! i know how to play. i play football, my fav sport
that's good to know. i don't have any power either.
i'm a preacher
do you like to garden?
good, how about yourself?
i am great. just relaxing after work. how about you?
i just finished planting my own garden.
how long have you been polishing them?
yes, i'm, i'm a veteran. do you have any hobbies?
i am a pickup truck driver. i am not a cop.
i'm not a big fan of guns, i am more of a book fan
what do you do for a living?
i love to read, i am actually in college
yeah, i think it was very nice. i think it was very nice.
i am from the midwest, where are you from?
hello. i am good. how about you?
i am doing well. how are you?
that is nice. i am tired of work. what are you up to?
i am going to watch the game of thrones.
i don't like liars, but i did tell her what i said
i think it is. i think we are all better off being better off being friends.
that is great. she is cool.
happy wife! what do you do for work?
i like to go to museums and museums. i like to go to museums.
what are you favorite things to do?
my books are my hobby. i also work at barnes and noble books.
hi, how are you doing?
what are you drawing?
yes, i do, i also create comic books.
i love comics. i love to create them.
i'm not sure, i went to a convention last weekend.
i work at a grocery store
i understand, i am only 10 years old
that's good i'm a bouncer for more money
i'll try.
i need to do this for my son.
i'd be fat and i'd be afraid of heights
i am good, just got done cleaning up after dinner
i'm doing well thanks. how are you?
i just got home from work too.
i work at home and i work from home
i don't like it either
i'm not sure, but i like to think about it.
i don't know either what are your plans for the day
i love to travel and see new places. i love travelling around the world.
you have a dog? i've a dog. i've a chihuahua
do you do anything besides work out?
i see a spider on a lot of people. it is the best.
no i don't have one
snakes and snakes are great for snakes and snakes
i'm doing good and you?
i'm doing well, how are you?
what do you do for a living?
oh really? that is interesting
i just got back from a work trip, so i'm ready for a change.
i'm just working here to buy a new car.
a mercedes. a mercedes. a mercedes f150.
i like to take my honda civic out for a drive. i like to go for long drives in
it is, i need to get a job. i need to find a job.
well, i hope you are having a great day. i'm going to be studying for my
so what are you up to?
hello, i am doing good, how are you?
yes, i am good at reading, i love reading.
what is your favorite movie?
i love this stuff
i like to whittle.
i teach myself, so i can teach you. i teach you.
i don't know what that means
no, i'm not. i am too busy working.
ah, i see. i love darts and guns.
it is. i've to go get my money. i'm saving money for college.
wow that's impressive!!! i have been running since i was a kid
i am from chicago. how about you?
i live in new york city, what are you doing?
do you live in france?
that's great. i hope you will have a great time.
i like summer too but summer is when i really like summer
i'm sorry i am not very good at that
i love cake too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i work at a garage for a living. i'm a mechanic.
i was a cop in the same state
you must be a really smart person!
i spend a lot of time with my dogs
i love being in demand! what do you do for fun?
dogs are my dogs. what do you do for a living?
i'm great, how are you?
i do. i'm a cat.
i have two dogs, what do you like to do?
i'm excited! i love dogs!
i'm in vegas. i'm a las vegas fan.
its a good dog! i'm sure the shelter would be happy to help.
i'm in cali, texas. how about you?
hello!
i am from a small town in pennsylvania. you?
i live in maryland and its a nice place. i live in the suburbs.
i am a freelance journalist for the local paper
i am doing okay. how about you?
i'm not sure what to say to you
i love sweets and cakes! i have always wanted to try them!
i'm moving to london to work on nike. congrats on your promotion
i love the color blue. i've always wanted to see london.
i love sweets, i've had a few.
what did you teach?
i wish i could go with you. i'd love to get to see my family.
i love hunting! i don't hunt but i hunt!
i enjoy working out and exercise
i make my own clothes
yeah, i am so scared of it. i'm scared of my fear.
i am starving, i want to go home. i'm a big fan of meat.
that's not good..... i don't think i can eat..
i like to work at starbucks and you?
yum! i'm just taking a break from the pumpkin spice latte, i'm a barista
i like orange, yellow and orange, which is my favorite color
i agree, but this is my favorite time of year. i'm a little chilly.
i do too! i've a rose bush, do you?
oh no. i'm sorry. what do you do for a living?
i've nothing to eat right now.
no i'm not hungry. i'm going to order some steak.
hello. i have not. i have been looking for it, it is in the parking lot
oh nice. i'm a girl scout leader.
i am sure you will find something
i also teach people the four languages i teach
what are your hobbies? i like to watch the kids.
i've been playing with my dog. i'm a doberman.
it is nice to meet you
i like fried chicken with ranch dressing
i love grilled cheese sandwiches
i like pizza, pizza is the best
i like pizza. i love pizza. do you like to cook?
i work at a restaurant. what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that. i'm trying to sell them, i've a lot
i'm good thanks for asking
cool! i'm thinking about getting a new iphone 7 wahoo!
that's cool i'm in texas.
what do you do for a living?
i can sing to you!
she used to sing to me in bed, i had to listen to her sing
i am good with violin, but not singing, that is why i am good at it
i do like hot chocolate. do you?
yes i want kids
i guess they will. i hope so. i'm allergic to seafood.
you should go for it!
i'm doing well, thank you. how are you?
i am tired, my daughter was tired of me all day.
i bet it was very beautiful here
i love the park, especially when i've the time.
yes pumpkin spice is a delicious ingredient
i love pumpkin and pumpkin, but i do like the pumpkin flavor.
oh, i love pumpkin spice! i'm a pumpkin spice girl, just like my mom.
i'm too busy decorating with my friends
i love watching movies on tv. i love watching the news.
what do you do for a living?
i like to go fishing in the morning. i love the night air
i catch a few fish. what about you?
i just bought a car that is a bmw. its a bmw, like a porsche.
i am good. you?
well, i like to play with my dog.
i play sports, but i'm more into sports myself.
i've been trying to find a good job and i'm afraid of the dark
no, i run marathons. i am too fat to run marathons.
i love bagels with my coffee.
i work for a computer company.
i'm not sure if i can do marathons
no, i am not. i've been reading a lot lately. i read a lot
that's cool. i work in a government office
i work at a diner and i'm a waitress. i work at the diner and love it
i read books all day long and i love to read, especially to my daughter
i'm sorry to hear that.
hi! i am well! how are you?
i like pancakes, i love bacon, especially pancakes with syrup
i see. the dragon is awesome! i've a dragon, she's awesome.
seven, i have a son and a daughter
hmm.... i think i'm looking for a hot dog.
that is awesome. i got a new car, a ford mustang.
i'm thinking of going to the movies next week
i work for a company. i'm a manager at a small office.
that's good. i have a business that i am working on now.
yes i do i work outside. i work at home and i am a paramedic.
i work from home. i work at home as a home guard.
i'm good, how are you?
i am good, i am good at what i do, i am good at it
i'm going to go to the beach and go surf board
i'm going to vegas tonight, the one night i've not been to bed.
do you like the quiet countryside? i do
i'm in cali. i live in cali, cali.
how far is it to your house?
i am in the midwest, in the midwest, and in the midwest. i've been there
how long have you been doing that?
i am doing okay, how are you?
i'm so overwhelmed with my practice practice for the game.
i love guns! i'm a pistol
what is your favorite thing to do?
i will. i am so glad that you are doing well
that's good..... i have been kicking the ball around with you
he was a cop in the us. he had a gun.
i don't think so. what is wrong with a person?
i'm a guy and i'm a guy
i have not seen him since i was a child.
he is the man who cheated on me. he left me when i was young
i am good. i just got done working on my hair
i'm reading a book about a big battle.
that's great. i'm thinking of getting a dog.
i can see why that would be uncomfortable.
i like to eat everything from sushi to sushi.
i like it! i love pizza
i hate sweet potatoes. i am a real carnivore.
i don't. i'm a good eater.
i do! it is my favorite exercise!
thank you, that's nice. i'm sorry to hear that.
i do listen to all american rejects
hello, sarah. i'm looking for a dog
hi, i am bud and i'm a college student
i love to read too. what kind of books do you like?
that's cool. i love to cook in my kitchen.
that is great. i wish i had a hobby
cool! i'm studying social sciences as a major.
yes, i do.
what do you do for a living?
i'm more of a hip hop kind of guy.
i love tubac, it is the best
i'm so glad you agree. what do you do for a living?
i'm good thanks. how are you?
i'm doing good, just listening to some music.
what do you do for a living?
i love hot weather. i've not been outside in a while. i've not been
i'm so proud of you! i'm also tired from running.
what kind of books do you like?
that sounds like a great idea to me
i will give you some money for the weekend
i love the river!
what did you say?
so you have been fishing with your dad?
its good! just got back from a walk. how are you?
pretty good!
oh no! i've no money to pay you. i love shoes!
yes i own a lot of shoes. what do you do?
i like hiking too. hiking is so relaxing.
i have been to france. my life has been a constant struggle.
i'm a good listener. i like to hear a lot about yourself
i'm sorry. i'm sorry i don't understand
i've been overseas. i am from europe.
wow, i never really thought about it
not really, but i have been to paris. i have been to paris, i'm a
yes, i like to go to the cheese market and get some cheeses.
yes, i agree! i love fashion too.
i'm good and you
hi! i'm doing good. what about you?
i wish i looked better. i wish i could look better.
i am looking for a side job.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm tired. i need to get some rest.
cool. i'm a runner. i love running, i love to take my mind off things
i like to knit sweaters and sweaters for my kids
i work as a cook.
i work in retail, what do you do?
i love to cook, but i have to work later, so i eat out a lot
it is a very nice place to go to
i'm good. i just got home from work. i'm a night owl.
i am a professional programmer. what about you?
i just finished working on a new aquarium.
i am a vegan but i'm not vegan
wow, that's a long time. i am glad to hear that
that's great! i've been working on a farm and i am hoping to become a
i am sorry to hear that.
yes she does have one,
well that is not good, what do you do for a living
i like to read. i like to read and read.
what do you do for a living?
i like to hike and hike and hike and hike and hike
i am glad you like to surf!
i am good thanks for asking.
i'm good, i just got done working on a new book.
sounds like a good time to me
oh i'm not a fan of cleaning
i love watching it. i love the movie, and watching it.
i love to cook and watch tv.
i have seen it, i want to see it again
i did not do anything. i was in a fight.
i would rather be in the rain
yes, i love food! i love it!
i like exotic cuisine, especially exotic cuisine
you should try baking, i can make chinese and italian food
you are going to enjoy it very much
i am doing great. how are you?
i love lasagna, what is it like to cook?
i would like that a lot.
i love garfield too. i love to eat garfield.
that's ok, i'm a bit overweight too
i don't do much. i just go to the gym and run.
i love healthy eating healthy and healthy
i am an accountant. what about you?
cake decorator! that sounds fun!
it does, but i'm trying.
i love animals, i love animals
good luck with that. i am going to be a astronaut.
how much do you know about me?
i am well how are you
i'm doing well. just getting ready to go to sleep.
i'm doing great tonight. i just finished working on my new job.
i love singing. i love singing to people.
i like rap music but rap music is my favorite music
what do you do for a living?
they are very good at it
she's not a nice person, she just likes to make jewelry. she's not nice
i have not heard of it. i'm into rap music
i don't have a lot of time for that. i'm in an mc with my mc
she is pretty cool.
that is cool. my belt was brown when i was growing up.
yes, and she's a dancer, she's a dancer
good and you?
it is raining and raining and raining. i love it.
oh, i love rain and storms!
yes i love the cold and snow. but i like fall especially fall
yes, i do, i love spaghetti. i love spaghetti.
me either! i'm sorry.
pizza, pizza, pizza
that's nice. i'm a bit of a burrito person, so i eat
i love to drive my chevy van. what kind of car do you drive?
i've a lot of hobbies. i love to go fishing and fishing.
i like to read and make pasta.
what do you like to paint?
i'm a technician at a power plant
i'm good. how are you?
how are you doing today?
thanks. i'm currently a alcoholic and i am trying to get over it.
i am well thanks for asking
i lost my memory. i was drunk.
i'm just so sick of it all
i have not. i am sure it would be great.
wow, that's a lot of work. do you have any hobbies?
i'm. i'm still in school
i'm a lawyer, i would rather make money as a lawyer
oh my! that is great. i'm gonna have my own little soccer team
i am sure, and i know who it is!
i am good how are you
i'm, i just left my hotel room.
i'm a writer and i have been writing for a while
there are some that like to read and write. what kind of music do you like?
i like to read. what do you do?
what kind of dance do you do?
oh, i have never tried that.
i like to keep my figure shape. i am tall
i'm in the usa. i've a home.
what do you do for a living?
i am good, how are you?
i just got back from mcdonalds. what are you up to?
that sounds like fun.
i've two kids who're two.
what do you do for a living?
i have no idea. i don't think they're old.
i love bieber!
i'm so sorry, i've a friend who's a mcdonalds speaker
i'm very happy that he's my husband.
no, i have not. do you?
how many have you seen?
sounds like a plan to me
they're great. i've not had a horse in a while, but i love them
hi, i am from georgia, but i am from hawaii. do you like it here?
hello ian i'm sam
i like to travel. i travel to europe and asia and asia
no, i'm a knitter. do you knit? i do.
i knit a lot of things. i love to cook, like my favorite food
i like pillows and things like that
i'd like that
yeah, i live in the cold. what do you do for work?
i love to live in the mountains
no, but i have a tattoo of a dog with a bow
what do you do for a living?
hello, how are you today?
hello! how are you today?
how are you doing today
that's a good friend. how are you?
i want to be a writer. i would like to be a writer.
i'm sorry to hear that. i hope you get better.
you are not sorry?!!! what is wrong with you?!??!!?
i'm so young!
i am young and i still feel young
i am sorry to hear that.
thank you. i would love to go to the zoo
i'm not sure if that is a good thing.
i like rules, too. i like to be a good person. i like to be a good
hello there. i'm good. just got back from a walk with my dogs.
blue is a nice color, my favorite color
i'm not a red wine drinker.
i like red wine! and i'm so excited.
well, i'm a few months along. i've to go to the hospital
that is cool. it is nice to meet you.
i don't have any, i am trying to grow my own flowers
i like running. i am a little bit of a runner
oh, i bet you have a lot of dogs.
i'm doing well. just got home from my job at the hospital. how are you?
i do, and i'm so glad to be blessed.
i'm so scared for him
i'm not young anymore. i'm a veteran. i was a navy seal.
how long have you two been together?
i'm sorry for your loss, i am sorry for your loss
i bet! i'm sure you are very busy
yes, i'm not a big fan of rural places
yeah. i am going to try and become a vet so i can help animals.
i am good. how are you?
that sounds interesting.
i work as a writer. i also write novels and articles.
i work at a departmental store as a manager.
oh, that's great! i just finished a run for my life
yes i love it. i'm a great person. i've a job as a receptionist
yeah, it is hectic. you like it?
i have two dogs. one is a collie and one is a collie.
two dogs! they are so beautiful!
i'm a teacher and i am a teacher
i'm good, i just got home from work
good for you.
i work at a store. i work at a grocery store
i work at a coffee shop. i am a waitress at a coffee shop.
what do you do for a living?
i see the future. i'm always looking for new opportunities.
what happened to your parents?
i want to be a doctor like you. i work in a hospital.
i am french too
french, i live in france, where are you from?
i just got off work and i'm hungry
oh wow! i'm so happy for you
i am sure they will enjoy them. i hope so too.
thank you. how are you?
no, i have not. i like to watch it on tv.
it is great. i like to listen to music and listen to music.
i'm going to the park. i am going to go see my favorite show
i work at the zoo. i'm a zoo manager.
i work at a grocery store as a cashier at a grocery store.
yeah i know, i live in the suburbs and live in a big city.
how many sisters did you have?
i do! i love baking too. how about you?
i love to bake. do you like to bake?
good day for no pants
i am good. just got done with work, you?
oh no! what happened?
i don't know. i want her to stay.
why are you laughing?
i enjoy reading and playing sports
i'm awesome. i'm a guitar player
i've a dog and a cat.
i'm sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
nothing much. i'm just watching some tv. i love watching movies.
i just wanted to play sports, i always wanted to play sports.
i am happy to hear that. i've a lot of friends, family, and friends that
oh my! that would be so exciting!
i'm listening to some music on my iphone
i have five children and my wife is a single parent
what are you up to today
i'm listening to a lot of pop music.
i'm watching a movie with my sister. what about you?
i am in school. how about you?
wow..... i have a lot of traveling to do
no, my parents are not married. do you have any siblings?
yes, i've a huge home.
new york city. i have traveled there several times.
i've never been to asia, but i'm excited for my trip.
no i am not tall. i am pretty average height.
i'm 6 foot. i have dark hair and green eyes.
i've a vocation in the drug business. what is your vocation?
that is a good idea. do you have any pets?
i'm in the middle of a game of thrones. do you have any siblings?
i am from new york, how about you?
my name is milo. i've an accent
i am in riverside, i am a riverside fan. it is nice to meet you.
i am going to paris to see my cousin. i'm going to paris this year.
how long have you been in the military?
i am sorry. i love women.
i'm not a fan of the color purple. purple is my favorite color
wow. they're so cute. i've a dog named labradors.
i work at a bank. do you like to travel?
i'm in school
i have been hanging out with my friends, how about you?
i just got off work today, you?
oh, i remember that! i remember the day i got my birthday party.
i am in my 30s and am looking forward to my retirement.
i was a nurse, and i'm glad to be done with it.
i've a bad back.
i'm so sorry to hear that. i am so sorry.
i just have a bad habit of walking around the house
that is impressive. i've never done it before.
yes i do. i have a grandson.
i am the child of a grandmother and a grandfather
i am very sick so i'm a bit depressed
no pets, i've a dog and a cat.
that's great! i'm going to buy a new blue car
i just bought new shoes.
that's so nice! i just dyed my hair blue for my concert.
blue.
that is awesome, i wanted to see elvis.
well, i am glad you are safe. i just got back from a swim.
i love elvis. i'm going to listen to his music on my guitar.
i like the beatles, i'm listening to them right now.
you like blue suede shoes?
i love my grandmother and she was a great woman
i am sure you will!
i want to try my hand at a few songs.
he is a friend of mine and i have a friend who lives with us
hello i am doing ok how are you
i'm not at work, i am at home
yes he's ok with it. i will probably just read him some good books.
i work in the computer lab at home.
i'm sure that you are not an android
i prefer beer. i've a roommate, so i don't like it.
what do you do for work?
i collect koala bear memorabilia
i'm only ten. i sing to my mother
i hope you get a full time job.
anything that will help me find a way to help myself.
i'm not sure what that means but i'm sure that they're friendly.
i prefer hunting and watching basketball games.
i'm doing good and you?
hello how are you today
no, i am not a fan of thierry henry henry. do you have any other hobbies
i'm an army recruiter.
pizza is my favorite food too, especially pizza. i love it!
i have a big black car with a big black handle. i drive it out in the countryside.
no i am not married. i have two kids.
i like to spend money on my car. i also like to spend time and money on my car
oh that's cool. i am thinking of buying one myself.
how nice, what color is your car?
oh i see, i don't have a lot of time to see people.
i am single. i'm single. i'm single and want to be with someone
i understand that. i understand that i'm rich, that i'm not very good at
that's great. i'm not sure what i'll do with my life after graduation
i'm a college student, and i'm not sure what i want to do. i
nice! i'm a mechanic mechanic. i repair computer parts
i'm not sure how to handle it
no, i love them more than anything
i'm not familiar with tool, but i'm fluent in a lot of languages.
i am making deserts too
i do too. i just want to have a good time.
that is good. i don't really listen to rock.
i love jazz, i like to listen to it
i have asked a few people to use their own phones. what is your favorite gift?
i'll just leave it there.
i don't really know.
i'm good, how are you?
i'm a teacher as well as a teacher. how about you?
oh, i'm in cali, how are you doing?
i spend my free time spending time with my family
that's pretty cool. i like music. i listen to a lot of music
i love to kayak, especially with my friends.
i'm teaching my students the basics of how to read
hi how are you doing today
i'm in cali. what about you?
i'm not familiar with that name.
well, you can get angry with someone. i am just hanging out with my friend.
i think he did nothing. it was a misunderstanding.
no, i am single, married and divorced. how about you?
no, i'm the oldest of the siblings. i am the youngest.
no i don't.
i just got back from the gym
i am just a kid, i did not want an open relationship but i did not feel like it
i am going to take my dog for a walk.
oh, that sounds fun. i like to walk. i love walking.
i love to do it more.
i'm fat but i have to admit i'm overweight. i think you are fat too
i'm very thin so i get fat easily
i like to go to the beach and do a lot of swimming. i also like to do the
i'm well, how are you
i'm doing well, too, i shot my bow last night.
do you have a favorite movie?
oh, i'm watching a movie about the hurricane
what do you do for a living?
i'm not sure what to think either, but i'm going to go shopping with my
i am going to be a lawyer for a while
i like to go to the beach and play with my friends
i bake cakes and decorate them for my bake class
i am not a hunter but i like to watch the bow hunt.
yeah, it is. i want to get a house, i want to have one, someday
i've an hour long shopping trip to get to the mall and pick up my daughters clothes
i am good, how are you?
i'm just fine and i love to garden
i've a man who likes clean freak shows
what do you do for a living?
yes, and i really like working with other people. i work with other people.
i don't think so, i think you are a really good person
yes i do. i exercise a lot. i am going to be a doctor.
oh no, i'm fat. i'm not smart. i'm too fat.
my hair is brown and curly and is curly
why is that?
that's why i tried to keep my girlfriend around.
i'm.
well, i'm still in high school so i'm not sure what to say
yeah, i am nervous too. i have never been to a party.
not too much. just getting some rest. you?
that would be awesome.
i was looking for a new job, so i decided to pursue my dream of becoming a doctor
i'm so excited!
i'm so glad that you are feeling better. i'm so sad about my girlfriend.
congrats! where are you from?
congrats, i have a new house, but i'm not sure how to live in it.
i'm not sure what you mean by that lol
i'm in high school, my new job is coaching a high school class
hey! i am not a big fan of the government.
thanks, how is your weekend going?
i have to tell my wife.
i am doing great. how are you?
hi! i'm a quarter back for my college team.
i'm just trying to understand what you are saying
no i am a big fan of football
i love country music too.
i am not. but i'm married with two kids
i am sure you do! i'm a clown too. i like to surf.
i am a chef and i cook food for my family.
i cook all kinds of food
i do! i do dance, i'm a ballerina!
i dance to fred zetes, he is my favorite country music
i am well, thanks for asking
i've a lot of hobbies. i enjoy playing with my friends.
i like to bake and go on walks in the mornings, i love it!
i love to shop. i love to travel and explore new places
i also teach school, i am a teacher
i'm a teacher, but i teach cook.
what kind of language are you speaking?
i just got back from work. i've been working at a bar all day.
i'm a busy mother and i'm single
i have five, five boys and four girls.
i would have to say i'm not sure what to say.
i've 2 cats
oh, i love tom and jerry
not really.... i was out playing some guitar. what about you?
i do. i love to see them all the time
i like to eat things i love
i love beets but my house is on a beet farm
it is not great i'm afraid of heights
i love it. i watch it on the tube when i'm not on the tube.
my favorite star is empire on fox. what is your favorite star?
do you want to sell any papers to pay for your beets?
i'm sorry, i'm sorry for your loss. i have been doing my best to
well i am a student at a college. i am a student studying to be a doctor.
it is, just like the average life. i am not average. i am average.
i am doing well. what are you up to?
i'm good. i just got done watching the goodfellas.
disney movies are great movies.
i do enjoy watching football and hockey
i played soccer a lot but i'm a good player. i play soccer for fun.
i love reading as well. i love to read a lot.
you are a very interesting person. i like to read too.
oh that is nice. my parents are divorced
that's cool, i'm not married either
well i don't like weddings. i've a huge wedding planned for the weekend
i just got done working on my wedding dress. i am going to wear it tomorrow
i'm good thanks for asking
good, just finished taking care of my dog. how are you?
that's good. do you like the power?
thanks for your service
do you have a favorite color?
yes, i am. i was really sick
that's awesome. i've a chihuahua named mac.
how old are you?
turtles are the best. how are you?
hello, i am a lawyer.
i like video games too. i am a scientist and i'm a scientist
what is your favorite team?
i have never been to a sports game. i'm a little bit of a ball player
well, she's a little stressed.
that would be fun, i'm in italy. do you live with your boyfriend?
i bet! i wish i was there
i'm not sure what to cook. i am a vegetarian so i am vegan.
i am not a fan of cleaning.
i'm a chef but i'm always hungry so i've to eat
i am a blonde, and i am blonde.
good. how are you doing?
wow, that's really interesting. i am not sure i'm a doe.
i am a big fan of hiking. my friends enjoy it too.
i'm not sure, i'm more of a pizza person.
i love to go to biking with my friends
i am. i'm not sure. do you have any hobbies?
i like to travel, but i am not sure about you
i hate it when i can not find them
i'm sorry.
hello mary, how are you today?
i need more bc, you are right, i need more bc.
that is not cool. i've a picture from my senior prom in my wallet.
i'm a person who's funny, but i am also a person who's funny
i don't have a sister. i'm not sure what i'd do if i did
i am a teller at a bank in the city
i work for a company called kps. i work as a business manager.
yeah i live the good life. you are right. i have a lot of money.
what is your favorite food?
she's not married but she's very excited. i am sure she wants my room
oh, i see. i am single.
i'm in school, i want to be a doctor.
i am looking forward to getting there
i am trying to find a new job that pays more, i am looking for a new job
i live in ny ny so i'm from ny
i live in california
me too! i'm so excited! do you have any hobbies?
oh that is so great. i am just working on my art work
i'm a busy coordinator and i am not sure how i will be able to handle this meeting
well, i want to be a professional barista. i want to be a barista and that's
that sounds like a great goal! what do you do for a living?
what are you dreaming about?
what do you do for work?
oh my gosh, that is so exciting. i was in competitions with my dad.
i love to play video games
i have no idea what you mean. i'm not a programmer.
i'm not a very good person at all
i like dolphins, but i'm not very interesting.
i love the outdoors, especially nature parks. i love nature parks.
that's nice of you.
he's busy with work. you?
that's nice. i'm taking my son to school and then i am taking him to
i like the color green, its my favorite color.
hello, i'm good.
i work at the bank, i have a hard time being good.
that's good money. i'm a veterinarian.
i have a new vet and she is a great vet
oh... well i'm an officer in the military.
what happened to your ex husband?
congratulations, you are married?
i'm glad to hear that. i'm looking forward to visiting my grandmother soon
i live with my grandmother and cat.
i do enjoy gardening. what about you?
i volunteer with animal shelters. what do you do?
nice. i like collecting teapots and teapots and such.
basketball, basketball and football. i love watching tv shows
i am great. how are you?
i'm doing well and you?
i like to be in a good mood. you?
i am a writer. what about you?
i'm retired now, but i'm looking forward to retirement
i've always wanted to see the world
wow. that is a long time.
i am sorry. i'm not really into the subject.
oh, i'm so sorry to hear that.
i do! i'm a big fan of the godfather.
i am a college student studying medicine.
i feel like i am a little kid and need to get out more
i was born in the womb, and now i'm working in a labor hospital.
i'm doing good. i'm good. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any siblings?
it is just a hobby. i've to get out and explore the world
i love to have different partners.
i am a female.
i'm sure you will find one someday.
i'm going to find it for myself and be a man. you?
he can be a bit of a handful at times. he has a lot of extra attention though
well i can care less about that
i'm great. how are you doing today?
i am good thanks for asking
my leg is starting to ache.
my favorite thing to do is walk.
i have never been, i'm sure it is nice there
i don't know, i'm not sure what i would say.
i've a sister mary and she is a photographer
not really. i don't have any family.
i enjoy texas more, but it is very cold here.
i live alone in a big house with a big family
i live with my dog, nyx. i love her.
i'm sorry, i don't have any pets.
i'm not very good at music, and i am not very good at the piano
no i am not. i'm a little bit of a tennis player myself.
that's great.
no. i sell them at the mall. i sell them at the mall.
i can do this.
you sound lonely, i am lonely.
i'll be there in a minute. i am just finishing up some homework.
i love kids as well and i love kids, they make me feel like i don't fit in
my parents taught me to paint and played with my dogs while i was growing up.
i can play soccer for you
i love to travel the world.
yes, i love to go for long walks and surf.
hello kellie what is yours
hi sarah! i'm jack. how are you?
i am doing okay. just relaxing. how about you?
i'm not sure what that means. i'm sorry.
i'm a nurse at a hospital.
i'm a accountant. i am a secretary.
that's very exciting. i have an internship at a law firm, what do you do?
i love to have a photographer in my life
i like photography, i love photography
i'm so sorry, my hair is always in a mess.
i love it, i've long black hair and i've a long black hair
i've brown hair, brown eyes and blonde hair.
i believe in them
i am not sure what you mean, i am not sure what you are saying
i'm sorry. i know that's hard to understand,
i am well. how are you?
i am good how about you?
i do, it is a good show
i'm a bit distracted right now.
i am not busy. i am just at work all day
i like drawing and drawing
oh nice, i am looking for a new job. i'm looking for a new job.
i work in a bank. what about you?
why did you close?
i'm. i'm looking for a job.
i am going to move to alaska. i have a lot of money.
i have been to greece once. i have been to greece many times.
thank you for your service, i'm sorry for the delay.
i am doing great, how about you?
i'm good, thank you. how are you?
that is good. i'm doing some writing.
that's nice of you to say
i like to go to the park and fish and go fishing. what about you?
what do you do for a living?
i don't play football. i just go packers with my brother
i have a chihuahua, i have a chihuahua named leroy.
how long have you been working there?
hi there, i am looking for a new place to live
i want to go on a hike,
i'm going to make you some compost.
i am from portland maine, i am from portland maine. what about you?
yes, i work in the garden. what about you?
i'm a graphic designer. i am an accountant and am also a graphic designer
i'm not sure. i'm more of a guy who likes to stay on the move
what do you do for fun?
i'm in california, and i live with my dog.
that would be cool. i'm a dog person.
i have not been hiking in years
i don't know what that means
what do you do for a living?
chicken. i've a couple of steaks that i love
i'm a vegetarian
you like chicken? i love chicken, and chicken is my favorite.
i love cheese sandwiches
i like cheese and cheese!
i am a grape juice junkie
i like grape juice, and grape juice is my favorite drink.
hello arnold! how are you today?
i've used a lot of contractions since my birth
what is your favorite tv show?
i am twenty
yes, i do. i love to meditate and meditate.
i am good. i am great how are you
i'm good. just got home from walking my dogs.
do you have any hobbies?
i don't have time for hobbies
that is good to know. you should go to a gym
i don't know much about art. i am not much of a artist.
how to ride a horse?
i love art, especially art
do you work?
i'm so excited! i've never been on a boat before.
no. i sell them by the sea.
i'm sorry, i'm sorry to hear that, i'm so sorry.
not much. just got home from work. i just got home from work.
how are you doing today
that's good. i'm alone here
it is and i'm going to the casino. what is your favorite casino?
i don't, but i do gamble a lot, i like to gamble
i'm sorry to hear that.
that's interesting. what do you do for a living?
yeah i love it. i just got my license and now i work at home.
what do you do for a living?
i'm not sure i can do it
there are lots of them over there. i can take you if you want.
i love to eat alot of shrimp. i also like to eat shrimp and eat alot of
i love taking photos of shrimp. i also take photos of shrimp.
i'm sure that i will find parking in a new place.
that's true, but sometimes it takes more than just a few minutes to understand.
yeah i am sure i will find a parking spot and do it
that's not good. i hate braces and i hate braces
i see... i am sorry about that...
i am talking to you as a person.
i'm blonde and have red hair.
i'm a veterinarian.
what kind of food do you like?
i am a vegetarian so i don't eat meat, i'm vegetarian.
we should get a divorce.
what do you do for a living?
i don't know what to say to that. i am more confident than you.
not bad, just relaxing with my dog
i'm good. how are you?
oh i bet!
what is your favorite dish?
i love cooking! and cooking is fun.
what are you up to this weekend?
what do you do for work?
no i post on social media, and i do post on social media.
i'm not a fan of social media either
what is your favorite food?
i'm a banker
i am doing great. how are you?
good, just finished doing some homework. how are you?
i am just watching rick and morty on tv
yes. i'm sorry, but i don't know who that is.
i have an iphone, its a iphone, i don't use it.
i just want to be like a robot and watch the world go by
what is the best color?
i'm not sure. what do you do for a living?
i am not sure i like pickles, i'm more of a big meat eater
i've not eaten pickles in a while.
i love to watch movies on netflix. i like to eat carbonara and drink carbonara
sure, i'd love to.
yes, i like it very much. i live close to the ocean.
do you have any other hobbies?
i'm good at it. i just ride my boat on the beach.
wow! i wish i had more than 300
i love meat. do you like meat?
i don't eat meat, but i do like steak.
i like brown hair but mine is blonde.
i'm sorry about that. i love purple.
what color is your favorite?
that would be great, i love movies, especially movies like that
i like movies and movies. i've been to many movies.
that's awesome. i just had a video chat with my friend.
i'm good. how are you?
i am good. how are you?
awesome! i am doing great as well!
i like the pool. i like to swim in the pool
no, i just swim. i'm a swimmer.
i wish i could swim but i'm too lazy
i don't work, but i do have a garden
i am not sure but i'm going to have to ask
i work as a delivery person
wow, that is really impressive.
that is great. i am hoping to work in the baseball field
hello! i am good. i'm just cuddling my panda, you?
i watch them play with a lot of people
i love to surf, but i'm not very good at it
that's nice, i am sorry.
i would love to have a pet
i'd love that. what is your garden like?
sure. you can. i'm not much of a beer guy so i can only buy veggies
i've a new job. i have a new job
yes, that would be very helpful to my personality.
i'm so sorry. i don't drink much. i'm very hard to handle.
i am sure you would. i'd love to try it.
i love it.
i'm a vegetarian but i love animals
good just got back from work
no i just got off work. i was just doing some cooking
oh i see.
i thought it was a good night.
nothing much. just enjoying a nice relaxing day.
do you know how to sing?
i'm sorry. i hope you are well.
i love music, especially music that makes my day better. it is the day of the greatest music
i'm actually kind of nervous.
i also like to read a lot
i am just reading, it is what i do best.
when i was a young kid, i enjoyed it
i can not stand the sight of it. i hate it. i hate it
i'm doing good and you?
hi there!!!!!!!!!
i like to wear my own clothes. i like to go shopping.
do you make any good new clothes?
i like justin bieber too. he is pretty good
i've a lot of students at school
i am thinking of taking my horse and riding with you.
that is cool, do you have a horse?
it is too cold for camping.
not much, just my horse. i have been riding horses for about a week now.
oh wow i'm a girl i was a girl in the poconos
how are you doing tonight
i'm sure they will be ok
i love them, but i really like to buy things for my friends.
i will be sure to pass on your wish
i was a star player in college football
what do you do for a living?
i'm not very good at politics. i'm more of a political activist.
i am vegan but i like to eat meat. i love to eat meat.
that's awesome. do you like to shop?
i work at a bank and i don't like it.
it is. i am a banker so accounting is boring
i love bob ross, he is my favorite artist
yeah i heard about that band
i do, especially my shoes.
i am not really a male though i am pretty good at making fashion.
nothing much. just hanging out with my friends. what about you?
that's good i like to be outside
i am allie and i love baking cookies
i love to run wild
that sounds like a very interesting question. i don't run.
i love american eagle. what is your favorite band?
i have tried a bagel but it is gross!
that's nice of you to say.
oh i'm sorry to hear that. i don't have any plans for the weekend
i've a family that i enjoy spending time with
i love coke, too.
i like soda
i don't like the field. i like the field.
i want to be a star wars hero
cool. i've got a bunch of cookies, i'll make a fresh batch of cookies
i know that, but i like sweets, i'm a soda junkie
i drink coke from china and drink coke from china
i'll run to you but not before i drink a coke
i can not wait to go to the beach. i'm going to get a beach house!
well that is good. do you have any other hobbies?
i was not happy. i am sorry to hear that.
meditate on it
i'm learning to garden i'm a vegetarian and love it
i'm planting a garden.
i like gardening. i love to garden.
that is cool. i am just in town to collect my rock collection
i play guitar. i don't play much though.
hi how are you doing
i've a girlfriend, she's my best friend
you must be very talented.
you sound like a nice person
i just got a new job at a retail store. i am a sales manager at a retail store
no, i'm not hungry, i'm too scared of what my mother will do.
i've a taco on taco day. i'm a vegetarian.
oh, you are so sweet. i wish i had that luxury.
i'm a freelance editor at a newspaper.
i'm in school studying to get a degree in biology.
that sounds like a great job
it is! what do you do for fun?
i bet. i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that.
i am, i am on the swim team. i am also a swimmer
i swim every day for exercise.
yes, i'm sure they would like you
what is your favorite food?
i don't have any pets, i've a dog and a cat.
i don't, i'm in a dorm right now. do you have pets?
oh no!
do you have any pets?
i'm well paul. i'm just a guy. you?
hi! i am a freshman in high school
i'm a lumberjack, i'm also a man.
i love to shop at farmers markets
i do too. i like to fish and catch lots of fish.
what do you do for a living?
yes i'm a musician
i am sorry, i'm a beginner. what are you doing?
i'm making pancakes and syrup
i've never been to a fair. i've never been out west before
i like buffalo burgers, i'm very hungry
i love chili peppers and chili peppers. i also like to go out on dates with my date.
yum! i'm not very good at cooking, i am a huge fan of chili.
i'm good. i am doing ok. how are you?
i'm doing great! how about yourself?
i'm listening to some strange music.
i'm just sitting here with my grandkids
they are okay. i'm not sure. i'm scared of iceland.
oh my! i'm a young adult who can keep up with them. they are quite fast
i love the cold winters too. what do you do for a living?
it is a beautiful day.
yeah, i think the night air is nice
chili dogs are awesome!
i have been doing that for a while now. i have a big stick stick with me.
that's too long, i'm in a rush to get home. i'm going
yes, i do! do you have any hobbies?
its going well, and you?
i'm a student at college
yes. do you have any?
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm still recovering from surgery
wow, three and four? that's a lot of people.
i will be your baby daddy.
i'm sorry, what is your name?
awesome! i have a collector!
i don't drink soda. i'm not a fan of soda.
i would love to but i have to be careful.
no, thanks. i am so tired. i'm going to bed soon.
i can play too. i've asthma too
no but i have heard it is delicious
i like to dance too, but i don't have time for it.
what is your favorite game to play?
i love to run in the mornings
i've never tried that, but i have been practicing crochet.
well i don't know about dancing but i do like dancing
i am not sure what i am going to do after i win the game
do you like kids?
i love apples, and oranges, and oranges
i like apples too. what do you do for a living?
hi, i'm robert. i'm a banker.
i love rap music. what do you like to do?
i love jazz, and i love the piano, i love to play piano.
i love jazz, but my favorite is jazz,
i'm from the us, i am in kansas.
hawaii is beautiful here in hawaii
how did you get to idaho?
i'm not a very good potato eater
its nice being outside in the summer and not in the cold
i like to go to the movies and hang out with friends.
i drive trucks but i never drive them
i am sure that you are very energetic
i like them too! i've a cat named willie
i love to watch them
that's fine. i'm a vegetarian so i don't eat meat.
sure! i'm a friend of the family and would love to get to know you.
what is your favorite food?
i don't but i love to travel
do you travel at all?
oh wow, i would love to go there someday.
i'm a professional at my job.
i do sometimes. i'm in new york city, new york city
i have been to the northern part of the country, i've not been back to the states
i do
i like to travel and check out some of the banking sites.
i don't know what to do with that. i am very artistic.
that's a shame, i've a wife.
i am a graphic designer.
i can sing and dance. what do you do?
what kind of night shift do you work?
i work at a law firm.
aw i love whiskey and i think that is the best part
i wish i could be that carefree.
cool.
i agree! i am a government employee myself. i am a scientist
that sounds like a lot of fun!
i'm sorry, he's just so much of a baby
i'm a college student, i'm studying to be a doctor. i am going to
i've not thought about that, i have a problem with glasses.
hi i'm doing well how are you
i am good. how are you?
yeah, i do, but i like superman movies and super heroes.
my favorite superhero is that of course
this is me, bob. i am bob. what is your name?
i hope he's a great guy. he's my man.
i don't have any pets but i have a pet tiger
i've to get ready for school tomorrow. i'm going to be an english teacher.
what do you like to do for fun?
how are you doing today?
i'm not sure. i am looking for a wedding dress.
i'm just finishing my last class of the day.
i like the theater, and i love the theater
you are a college student? i'm studying architecture.
well that is how it is going to work.
i am sorry to hear that. i've a cat named seven
no, he's a cat person. i have no cats, but i have a dog.
i don't have any cats. i'm the only cat in the house
i've two dogs that are both my dogs.
i'm glad to hear that. i'm sure they're really happy.
i am doing good. just got off work.
i was attacked by a bear. i was chased by a bear.
i bet. i have not heard from my battery in days.
i hope so too. i hope you get one too
oh, i'm doing good. just got done doing some shopping.
i'm sorry to hear that. i can't sell my art.
i have to go get my glasses back
yes i do! i travel a lot
i'm a painter and you?
i love to draw and draw. i draw too much.
oh, i'm in michigan. i moved to michigan for my college degree
i am good, thanks. just got done painting my nails.
i am ok, just got out of bed.
wow. you must be really good at it
i have a white t shirt, black jeans, and black boots. you?
that is cool. i love any car that goes fast.
i have not seen any of them. i have been watching movies about the movies.
i am not a fan of movies. they have been in lots of movies.
yeah, i love romantic comedies, i have a lot of romantic comedies.
yes, my favorite part of the day is the rush of the rush of rush!
you have to laugh, but i'm so sick of jokes
i listen to all types of music. i am a music junkie
that is great, i am not very good at music.
yes i know that, i am sorry, i'm sorry. i am sorry for your loss
i'm in new york. how about you?
i'm good thanks for asking
wow! what did you do today?
i'm going to go to a museum
you must be so lonely
cool what do you do for a living?
no, but i've a son. do you have any kids?
i've a younger brother
oh, i have a cat too. what is your favorite color?
i want to marry you
a new job
its not really sunny here.
hello, i am fine. how are you?
i love the fall weather, it is a nice day to enjoy the fall.
oh, that's a tough job. i'm studying medicine for a medical school
i work for a dairy farm.
that is great. i moved here when i was younger.
yeah i do. i like it there. i see things that i want to see.
it can be. i understand. my brother is hindu.
yes there are, i'm from louisiana. do you live in louisiana?
i hope you get to enjoy your last days on earth
i feel like i don't belong in this world
i'm a baker too. i bake and bake.
i'm not sure. i love to eat.
i am good. i'm good. just got done watching tv.
i hope to be back in the hospital soon
thanks for the tip, what do you do for a living?
well, i'm going to work in the water
seafood is delicious!
what do you like to eat?
that's good. i am eating goat cheese
i'm going to a concert later. what are you doing?
i am not sure yet, i will probably just go to the concert after i eat some food.
dance hard! dance hard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love purple, i love purple.
my daughter. i love her.
i really like emerald green. my favorite color is emerald green
good, how are you?
yes i do know it is. purple is my favorite color.
so what is your favorite color?
i am young and pretty. do you like music?
i live on the farm. i also have a family, i don't have any.
i'm. i'm. i'm a married man.
i've a lot of kids and a husband
i'm in law school
i work for a company called brand new york
i am good, how are you?
hi!! how are you today?
i am good at swimming and playing with my pet lizard
that is cool.
i have a few dogs. i've a huge dog.
that's a good thing to have! i live in my own home.
i want to be a farmer.
i do software repair software software for my software company
i love art. i've always been a good art student.
that's cool. what is your favorite color?
i like to draw in my free time
i like to draw and draw, it is very relaxing. what do you draw?
that's great! i'm a great artist and draw anything.
it is. you are doing well today.
i am in cali. what about you?
i am looking for a job at the moment. i am looking for a job.
my 2 mustangs are my favorite colors
i do, but i am too lazy to do it.
lol i can not lol
do you like to fish?
i'm looking for a job but not good enough at the moment
my ship would take you to canada?
it does. you should try it. i love it out here.
okay.
i am from the south, i'm from the united states
utah. i'm from utah. what about you?
i'm from colorado and love it here in summer
no, i go to church on sundays
we have one direction, that's where i'm from.
i am pretty sure i'm beautiful, i am pretty pretty.
i am in love with my boyfriend
no i've a kid named justin and a boy named paul
yeah, and i get colder here in colorado. it is cold here in colorado too.
i'm a teacher at a high school. what do you do?
i'm a teacher, my job is teaching preschool.
good! what are you up to today?
hi how are you doing
i am well. i just got back from a walk with my dog.
i am starving for meat
do you have any pets?
i used to work on a farm.
i do, i have a doll that is doll. it is a doll.
do you like to cook?
i love eating healthy. i love to eat healthy foods
i am a vegetarian and that's why i love meat
that's cool. i'm a pizza eater. i love pizza!
well i imagine her with red hair and red eyes
i know that! i have seen it. i'm scared of him.
great. i'm good. what are you up to?
great! i'm a bit of a night owl.
what do you do for a living?
i like orange, my favorite color is yellow
i love cats and dogs.
i love to take my dogs for walks. i love to go to the beach and listen to the
i like hot weather! i like it.
i love karaoke, i'm going to sing karaoke in my new house
karaoke is karaoke night!!!!
good, how are you?
i am great! i just got back from a day of shopping. i just finished shopping.
it is early but it is only 7. i am so tired
that is really late, i'm usually up by 2am here.
i see. do you have any hobbies?
what are you studying? i am studying to be a doctor.
i am going to college for nursing. i am going to be a nurse.
what are you going to school for?
wow, that is awesome! i'm a professional basketball player. i'm a professional basketball
i am doing good and how about yourself?
you sound sick! are you sick?
its a foul smell, but i would love to do it again,
you are a doctor? i'm a nurse
i know, i know, but i like to do it. i have no other hobbies
my mom cookin fish fish!? i'm a fan of my mom cookin fish!
i hate diapers
i love to fish but i don't like to eat fish
i'm a journalist. i'm a journalist.
i live in alabama. i am in alabama.
i work in a police station
i love law and law work. what do you do for a living?
i have a lot of bad luck with relationships. i have been in a lot of relationships.
hello... how are you doing?
i like to hike and hike on new trails.
that is very good, i like kayaking.
you are welcome to come and visit me.
i am glad you are safe!
maybe i could go with you. you could learn to hike and then you could get a new bike
you seem to be very intelligent.
i am sorry to hear that
i don't. i'm very intelligent. i can't have bad habits.
good morning. what do you do?
yes, i love it, i'm a manager at the restaurant. what do you do?
well my hair is red. do you like to cook?
i'm so excited that i can barely wait to graduate
i love to dance to music
no, i love italian food. italian food is my favorite food.
i like my hair. it is curly and curly. i'm a blonde and my mom is
sure. i'm going to do it. i want her hair to be nice.
how are you doing today
i have a prius, so i could take it to the beach!
that's true. i'm not very good at horseback riding.
no, i live in the country. i live in the city.
i'm taking a ride with my friend.
hi there, i'm a peace and greetings fan
why is that? what do you do for fun?
i need to find someone to help me.
do you have any children?
that would be awesome, i love to garden and make pottery
he has been a boyfriend for a while now, we just got back from a date.
okay, so what do you do for a living?
i've been in the company for 5 years.
maybe. i have always been afraid of it.
i'm a professional professional professional professional and a professional at heart
you have a tattoo of your own?
i am doing okay, i just got done working at the garage. how are you?
yeah, i'm sorry, i'm not familiar with that term.
yeah, i can do that. do you have any hobbies?
that is so cool. i am only 21. i've no idea what i want to do
i'm sure you do. i'm a nurse, so i'm more of a
that would be a great movie, but i think i would rather watch a movie about aliens.
yeah, i think that's why i forgot how to run fast
yes!! i think i'm still pretty good at it
me too. i'm not laughing so much.
i like red. i love all colors. what do you do for a living?
the ocean blue is so beautiful, so calm and peaceful
hello, i am fine. how are you?
i'm good. i just got back from the gym.
i like to listen to music
i love to read and i read a lot
i like to read and read books, especially romance novels. what do you like to read?
i like to read, and i like to read. do you?
i like to travel, i've been to many states
i was born in france, but moved to canada when i was young
spain is great, i am going to go to spain and see my friends there
i am doing great. just got back from a run with my friend.
i am on the top of the world. how about you?
well, i hope you are not a horrible cook. i'm really hungry
yes, that is true. we can achieve anything, including everything!
i eat out a lot too, sometimes.
i think i would rather cook at home
i have tried but its hard
it is. what are you up to?
i love dogs, they're the best
i love to turn on jimmy fallon everyday. do you have pets?
i'm sure you love your jimmy!
i'm good and yourself?
i am great! i just got back from the garden.
i do, but i don't grow them in the garden. i love it in the garden
i'm a garden keeper. i garden all the time.
yes, i do eat. i eat a lot of food
that's great! i'm going to use some veggies and veggies to make a salad.
i am a clerk at the local bank. i'm not very good at it.
i love music. i love music. i just like to listen to the music i like.
all sorts of music
i'm a rock. i'm rock. i am rock.
no i've a cat. i've a cat named daisy
i do, but i've no time for pets. i've 2 dogs and a chihuahu
cool, what is his name?
pretty good, just got home from the gym. how about you?
i am on a walk with my boxer. he is a boxer
i work at the restaurant, how about you?
i am sorry, i'm retired. i enjoy relaxing and relaxing with my family.
it is nice to be close to family. i have only a brother and two parents
what do you like to do for fun?
i'm more of a brother than a brother.
bentley second? are you going to sing or something?
i don't drive much but i like country music. i love country music.
i'd love to go down a country road today
i'm not a big fan of the weather here in the states
i work for a local restaurant. i work at a restaurant.
i love summer too. how are you?
i am a student and my art is good
you should do it!
i do, but i'm not a huge fan of exercise
that's too bad. i'm currently learning how to drive it.
i wish i could do more. i don't have a car!
they are dirty, and smelly, like them.
that's so sweet of you. how old are your kids?
i'm going to try it, i'll try it. i love naughty children
what do you do for fun?
hello! i love it! i've to admit i have been craving pork sandwiches since i got
i'm looking forward to a nice meal.
i do. i am here every sunday
i love seafood. i love seafood.
i'm in nevada and just saw a nevada bbq pit
i know what you mean. i like hotdogs but i am not into meat.
nice, i love the cooler weather here, especially here in the fall.
pepsi is my favorite drink. i like to drink pepsi.
oh my gosh! that is a shame. i bet you are very healthy
i am not sure. i am trying to work out.
i've a job in the tech lab.
i'm majoring in nursing. i'm majoring in nursing.
do you have any hobbies?
i'm good. just relaxing after work. you?
i'm fine. how are you doing?
hi, how are you doing today?
yum! i am so hungry i'm going to eat a huge bowl of spaghetti!
i live in florida, where i live, i am from florida
i am sorry to hear that.
i am not much of a seafood person.
yes i am. i'm in college. what are you studying?
i am not skinny, but i'm a jock, so i'm a jock
i love hanging out with friends too
what kind of food do you like?
well, i like to study a lot.
i go out to eat, go to the movies, go out to eat.
i'm in college. i will be a dancer for a dance class.
i'd love to dance to dancing classes
hello! i am just sitting here enjoying my favorite dessert.
hello. i'm good. just got home from my school.
that sounds like fun! i'm a pretty big guy.
oh, do you work? i'm a gardener.
that's a lot of food for one person
haha. i can not even imagine it.
yeah. you can get a lot of juice when you get a lot of juice. i do.
i like to go riding and work out. i love to ride my bike.
i'm a boxer, i go to the ring with my gloves on
that's cool. do you have any hobbies?
yes. is it pink?
wow that's a cool name. do you have any kids?
i've one and i've no idea what he looks like
i am good. just got home from work. how are you?
i'm not sure what that means.
what do you do for fun?
i do play, i play soccer for a living.
i am not a very good athlete
that's a great place to travel
i'm sure it does, i want to go to mexico and see a few places
i am trying to get my child to travel more. i've not been able to get away
that's a good idea! do you like kids?
i am good, just got done eating some meat, how are you?
i'm doing okay. how about you?
what do you mean?
that's good. i've a lot of computers.
my favorite genre is mysteries. my favorite genre is mystery novels
i don't write, i write novels. i like to write stories.
i am studying to become a vet
i live in san francisco
what do you do for a living?
i'm just sitting at home watching tv. how are you?
i am in the gym. where are you?
i like the ocean. i'm going to see the ocean.
i prefer the water. i'm too lazy to swim.
i like boating, especially in the fall. i love the fall.
what do you do for a living?
no, i am not, but i do have a very young husband
i am still in school, i am 21. you?
i'm 39 and i'm only 40
i'm in florida. i love florida too
i'm at home, i work in my own home.
i'm going to volunteer at the soup kitchen tomorrow
i love to cook too
oh that's nice. i was only about six years old when my family started
cooking is great, especially cooking is relaxing
anything with meat. i am a vegan.
i am not very good at it. i just like making things.
i love the taste of it.
i love pasta, and we have a good italian restaurant in town
i like to make things that are pretty. i love to make things that i like.
yes i know i am so tired. i am a very fit person.
i love to play with my dogs and play with my dog
what do you like to cook?
i have not cut veggies in years.
i'm doing ok just relaxing and relaxing with my kids
nice! i've just finished getting ready to go to the movies with my family.
i'm sorry to hear that. i've a cousin who is a victorian lady
i have never been over to england. i'm going to go to france in a few months
i have a doll and dolls from my doll collection
i don't have time for dolls. i work as a cashier at a bank.
that sounds fun. i'm just about to head to the mini tea party.
yes they would. do you like movies?
i love my antiques!
i'm well, how are you?
i am alone too, i've no friends.
i don't blame you. i'm trying to get over this.
how long have you been having problems?
no, i don't think so. i don't know if i could do that.
do you think i'd scar you?
sorry to hear that
what kind of things do you do for a living?
that's cool, i live in a small bit of country
i am sorry to hear that.
oh, i'm sure you could, i would love to do that.
i sing when i am free of my job at the local college
i swim and swim with my friends and swim. i've lots of trophies
i've not but i will eat it. do you have any hobbies?
i sing in a choir choir and sing when i can.
i am! and i'm currently on the road
that is awesome. i'm still working on it
i have a pet bird. she's the best.
i'm sorry, do you have any pets?
no i didn't. what do you do for a living?
that's a great job!
no, i didn't know she was there.
my name is vera. how are you today?
i'm a bit of a loner, i work in the bar.
i work for a corporation, how about you?
i'm not very active, so i stay home with my kids.
no, but i go to the university of toronto. i am a student at university of toronto.
that's cool, i clean the kids and clean the house
i don't think so. i like to do things that i like to do. i don't
lol i like fast food lol
that is a good plan.
i am a dancer, i am a dancer at a school.
i'm a college athlete. what do you do?
i love athletes. i'm a huge fan of them
i do. i love people. what do you do for fun?
i do. i've a big family. i've a big family.
i like to read and to write. i like to spend time with my friends
i am doing well. just got back from a run. i'm in college.
i'm good, thank you, what do you do for a living?
i grew up in colorado. i live in colorado.
that's cool. i'm going to college at the moment, but i am hoping to
i'm going to be a doctor. i am hoping to study medicine.
i'm so happy to hear that! i am a drummer.
a violin. i play a violin. do you play any instruments?
hey there, whats up?
i do gigs. i play my guitar.
i am a twin and i love my brothers
i love going to the park. i love to go out and go to the park
i like to hang out with my friends. you?
i count money
i am doing well. how are you?
i'm good, how are you?
that's great. i just got home from work
i work in a local office.
what do you do for fun?
that's nice i see you have an office job
i've never knit before. i love knitting!
i like to knit sweaters and sweaters, sweaters that are beautiful
it is fun to wear hats and scarves
i'm doing good just finished shopping
i think you are crazy
i do! i love shopping online. do you?
you are a musician? i love playing piano!
what is trend?
i guess you could say that i am not very good at it. i've not done a
you are right, i will show you my online shopping treasures
i am a dancer. what is your favorite new trend?
i am just so amazing that people like to chat with me about my style.
i'm from texas and i am from the south. i am from a place called texas
i love them too, how about you?
i would love to be more trendy, but i am not sure what that would entail.
i will do that.
i'm good and yourself?
my parents died and i was only 14
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm a journalist
i am good, thanks for asking
i like to spend time with my family too.
i like to read a lot
i am a country boy who likes to play sports
i love the beatles! i am listening to them now
yes it is! what kind of music do you like?
that's cool. i wish i could do that.
i wish they would just come home!
i'm doing well. i'm good. how about you?
hi, i am fine. just relaxing with my dog and my cat. you?
i just got done cooking dinner. how about you?
i made a chicken dish with all the spices i found. i made a good chicken dish
that is great! i am a chef
i'm single. how about you?
i'm so sorry.
i'm not sure i'm ready for that yet.
no i've not been out of the country in a while
i am also busy with school.
i want to be a teacher. what about you?
what do you do for a living?
yeah it does, i am sure its hard to find good places to live
i wish i had lived in england.
i live in cali
i'm in california. i live in the city.
oh my gosh i'm so sorry to hear that
that sounds cool. i am not into music.
i have not, but i have been to a rock concert once. it was good.
i'm sorry to hear that. are you still in school?
i love bacon and bacon, bacon is so good, bacon is so good
no i have not had a full english breakfast.
i'm just trying to figure it out
i am so hungry i can barely keep my eyes open
oh wow.
i've had it twice but never like that i'm not good at it
i am good. how are you?
i am good, i'm ok. just relaxing. what are you up to?
i'm going to bed. i am a little tired. i've had a long day
yes i have a car! how about you?
i work in a fast food restaurant. i'm a waitress
yes i do. i have access to public transportation and have access to public transportation.
i don't need to be on public transportation, i live in the city
i am a cop, i'm a cop
i'm looking for some classes that will be near krav maga classes
what is your favorite thing to take?
i've never seen purple before, i love it!
yes it would, it would be a beautiful fall day.
it is. i love fall. i love fall as well.
i am good, how are you?
hi. i am sarah and i like to swim
i'm not sure but i am going to make tacos. tacos are my favorite!
i'm bald but i'm bald. do you have a hair fetish?
i work at a diner, i work at a diner
i'm an accountant. i'm a small time banker. i've no idea what
i work at del taco, del taco is my favorite place to work
oh, i don't know what you meant.
i'm the leader of the fry division.
oh, you have no idea. i have a really bad habit of being a vegetarian.
i'm going to try to make a french fry today.
do you enjoy anything else?
i am a huge fan of the big dogs. i love watching the big dogs play.
i am great how about you?
what kind of videos do you make?
i love the color blue. what about you?
i'm not sure how to drive a car. i'm not sure how to drive.
i have never been a mortician. i am a professional professional.
not so good just got back from work. i am in college
i am not sure about that lol
i have been watching youtube videos for years, i am too busy to do youtube videos, but i
what are you going to do?
good for you i have seen a lot of good ones
i am only 30 years old
i don't like money, i don't like money.
i have a collection of stamps, what kind of stamps?
i live with my roommate and roommate. i live with my roommate and roommate.
hi, i'm fine. i'm a little lonely here in my home.
yeah i know. i just got my two, two kids and a cat.
i work at a bank in houston. what about you?
i work at starbucks serving coffee to people.
not really i meet interesting people at work everyday
oh nice. i love to eat food. i have never had that before.
oh, its pretty good, do you like to drink?
i like tea frappe and tea frappe
i am doing great, just got back from a walk with my dog.
wow. that's a lot of work.
well i am just getting ready to go to work
you need to get your trainer trained!
i am just relaxing and watching some tv
oh no, that's awful. i am sorry, i should have told you
yes, it is.
i walk with my dogs sometimes
that is a nice dog. i am a pit bull.
my name is karen, and yours?
i'm sorry to hear that.
no he does not need one. he needs a violinist.
i'm sure they would understand.
i can sing to you and you can sing to me
wow that is a lot of friends
i've never been to georgia, how about you?
that sounds cool, i am a little crazy
that is good. i want two kids.
i'm sorry to hear that
i went to school for a while
wow, what is your fav gift?
what kind of food do you like to eat?
what do you like to do for fun?
no, i don't. i like going to the dentist.
i'm looking for a good dentist. i've a great tooth that would love to be
i like to watch the show silicon valley in my favorite show, it is my favorite show.
i love movies! i love the show the wizard of oz
i don't really have a favorite movie
he is a star wars character, i love him
what is going on?
oh wow, that's great, i've never been to a big city, do you
i've never been in a plane before. i'm not sure how to fly one.
i'm sorry to hear that.
no problem, i'm glad he does, i also hope he comes around.
i like to play basketball. what do you do?
i like to swim as a sport sport
i love them, what is your favorite color?
i've a large house to clean up after
how long have you been together?
oh my, i love fried twinkies!
good! how are you today
i'm a stay at home mom, it pays the bills.
i've a job in mcdonalds, i love it there
i like mcdonalds and fries.
i'm not sure about 20 but 20 would be fun
yes i can, i don't think i would like them much
i've no idea how to make it work
i like movies i like to watch it
what kind of car?
i've to. i just have to go to the gym to get my energy back.
i feel like i am always busy
hello, how are you doing today?
i love my girls, i'm an only child
he is 10 years old.
that is great. i'm going to play video games tonight.
what are twins? do you have any kids?
i bet they are nice. i've been camping with them a lot.
my son is a senior. he is a star athlete.
that is great! what do you do for a living?
it is very peaceful out here, and i like the nature.
i would love that. what do you do for a living?
that's so cool, i like to watch her gymnastics
she is 21 years old
i'm a little girl
i'm good how about you?
you should do it sometime
i'm scared of the wide open spaces. i like it so much.
i love the smell of the air in the air. i love the sound of the wind in my
i love to cook, i'm a chef
i like to find new places to eat.
cool... i was published in the new yorker magazine...
i'm glad. i love expensive things.
i'm thinking of going to the museum tomorrow.
i work in a department store. i do graphic design.
no, i'm not a singing person, i don't even know how to sing.
i am doing okay. just got home from work. how are you?
hi how are you doing
oh my. i wish i had a job.
oh, i am trying to get into publishing myself.
i love authors and autograph collecting
i love her too. i'm a big fan of cassandra clare.
i love john grisham books, i read his books every sunday
what is your favorite color?
you can read while reading when i'm not reading
i'm sure you do, what is your favorite color?
what do you do for a living?
